[Adeptus Astartes]
PRIMARIS CAPTAIN: This model’s bolt pistol, master-crafted bolt rifle and close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol and 1 power fist ; 1 heavy bolt pistol, 1 master-crafted power weapon and 1 relic shield | This model’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 master-crafted power weapon ; 1 power fist
CAPTAIN IN GRAVIS ARMOUR: This model’s master-crafted heavy bolt rifle and master-crafted power weapon can be replaced with: 1 boltstorm gauntlet, 1 power fist and 1 relic chainsword ; 1 boltstorm gauntlet, 1 power fist and 1 relic blade ; 1 boltstorm gauntlet, 1 power fist and 1 relic fist
CAPTAIN IN PHOBOS ARMOUR: None
CAPTAIN IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic shield* ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s relic weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic shield* ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s storm bolter and relic weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. | If this model is equipped with a power fist, it can be equipped with 1 auxiliary grenade launcher. * Maximum one per model.
CAPTAIN: This model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 close combat weapon and 1 relic shield* ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s master-crafted boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon** ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 storm bolter** ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic shield* ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s master-crafted boltgun and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * Maximum one per model. ** The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
CAPTAIN WITH JUMP PACK: This model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 close combat weapon and 1 relic shield* ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s master-crafted boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon** ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 storm bolter** ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic shield* ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s master-crafted boltgun and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * Maximum one per model. ** The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
CAPTAIN ON BIKE: This model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 close combat weapon and 1 relic shield* ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic weapon | This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon** ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 master-crafted boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter** ; 1 relic shield* ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 power fist | This model’s bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * Maximum one per model. ** The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
PRIMARIS LIEUTENANT: This model’s master-crafted bolt rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 master-crafted power weapon ; 1 power fist | This model’s bolt pistol, master-crafted bolt rifle and close combat weapon can be replaced with 1 neo-volkite pistol, 1 master-crafted power weapon and 1 storm shield. | This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 heavy bolt pistol. | This model’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 master-crafted power weapon ; 1 power fist
LIEUTENANT IN REIVER ARMOUR: None
LIEUTENANT IN PHOBOS ARMOUR: None
LIEUTENANT: This model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 close combat weapon and 1 storm shield* ; 1 power fist | This model’s master-crafted boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon** ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 storm shield* | This model’s master-crafted boltgun and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * Maximum one per model. ** The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
PRIMARIS LIBRARIAN: None
LIBRARIAN IN PHOBOS ARMOUR: None
LIBRARIAN IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 storm bolter
LIBRARIAN: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter
PRIMARIS CHAPLAIN: None
CHAPLAIN IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 combi-weapon.
CHAPLAIN ON BIKE: None
CHAPLAIN: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 power fist
CHAPLAIN WITH JUMP PACK: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 power fist
PRIMARIS TECHMARINE: None
TECHMARINE: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter* | This model’s Omnissian power axe can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 thunder hammer | This model can be equipped with 1 flamer, 1 plasma cutter and 1 servo-arm. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
ASTARTES SERVITORS: Up to 2 models can each have their Servitor servo-arm replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 multi-melta and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 plasma cannon and 1 close combat weapon
INTERCESSOR SQUAD: The Sergeant’s bolt rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 power weapon | The Intercessor Sergeant’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model equipped with a bolt rifle can be equipped with 1 Astartes grenade launcher.
INFERNUS SQUAD: None
ASSAULT INTERCESSOR SQUAD: The Assault Intercessor Sergeant’s heavy bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer ; 1 plasma pistol | The Assault Intercessor Sergeant’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer
LIBRARIAN WITH JUMP PACK: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter
LIEUTENANT WITH COMBI-WEAPON: None
HEAVY INTERCESSOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Heavy Intercessor’s heavy bolt rifle can be replaced with 1 heavy bolter.
INFILTRATOR SQUAD: 1 Infiltrator can be equipped with 1 helix gauntlet.* | 1 Infiltrator can be equipped with 1 Infiltrator comms array.* * These options cannot be taken on the same model.
INCURSOR SQUAD: One Incusor can be equipped with 1 haywire mine.
TACTICAL SQUAD: The Tactical Sergeant’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws, or two different weapons from the following list:** ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | 1 Tactical Marine’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 heavy bolter* ; 1 heavy flamer* ; 1 grav-cannon* ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 lascannon* ; 1 meltagun ; 1 missile launcher* ; 1 multi-melta* ; 1 plasma cannon* ; 1 plasma gun | 1 Tactical Marine’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. ** This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol).
SCOUT SQUAD: The Scout Sergeant’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with two different weapons from the following list:** ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of models can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes shotgun ; 1 combat knife | 1 Scout’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 missile launcher * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. ** This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol).
SCOUT SNIPER SQUAD: 1 Scout Sniper’s scout sniper rifle can be replaced with 1 missile launcher.
PRIMARIS COMPANY CHAMPION: None
PRIMARIS APOTHECARY: None
APOTHECARY BIOLOGIS: None
PRIMARIS ANCIENT: This model’s bolt rifle and close combat weapon can be replaced with 1 power weapon.
BLADEGUARD ANCIENT: None
ANCIENT IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s power fist can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 close combat weapon ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s storm bolter and power fist can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lightning claws ; 1 thunder hammer and 1 Terminator storm shield
BLADEGUARD VETERAN SQUAD: The Bladeguard Veteran Sergeant’s heavy bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 neo-volkite pistol ; 1 plasma pistol
COMMAND SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol* | Any number of Company Veterans can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 Astartes shield ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 flamer ; 1 heavy bolter* ; 1 heavy flamer* ; 1 grav-cannon* ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 lascannon* ; 1 meltagun ; 1 missile launcher* ; 1 multi-melta* ; 1 plasma cannon* ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of Company Veterans can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 Astartes shield. | Any number of Company Veterans can each have their bolt pistol and boltgun replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. | The Company Ancient’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
VANGUARD VETERAN SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced one of the following: 1 storm shield ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol
VANGUARD VETERAN SQUAD WITH JUMP PACKS: Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced one of the following: 1 storm shield ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol
STERNGUARD VETERAN SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their Sternguard bolt rifle replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Sternguard Veteran’s Sternguard bolt rifle can be replaced with 1 Sternguard heavy bolter.
JUDICIAR: None
REIVER SQUAD: All models in this unit can each have their combat knife replaced with 1 bolt carbine. | If the Reiver Sergeant is equipped with 1 bolt carbine, it can be equipped with 1 combat knife. | All models in this unit can each be equipped with 1 Reiver grav-chute. | All models in this unit can each be equipped with 1 grapnel launcher.
AGGRESSOR SQUAD: All models in this unit can each have their flamestorm gauntlets replaced with 1 auto boltstorm gauntlets and 1 fragstorm grenade launcher.
TERMINATOR ASSAULT SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their thunder hammer and storm shield replaced with 1 twin lightning claws.
TERMINATOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Terminator’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 cyclone missile launcher and 1 storm bolter.* | Any number of models can each have their power fist replaced with 1 chainfist. * This model’s storm bolter cannot be replaced.
RELIC TERMINATOR SQUAD: The Relic Terminator Sergeant’s combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma blaster ; 1 volkite charger | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Relic Terminator’s combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy flamer ; 1 reaper autocannon | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model can be equipped with 1 grenade harness. | Any number of models can each have their power fist replaced with 1 power weapon. | Any number of models can each have their power fist replaced with one 1 chainfist. | Any number of models can each have their combi-bolter and power fist replaced with 1 twin lightning claws.
CENTURION ASSAULT SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their twin flamer replaced with 1 twin meltagun. | Any number of models can each have their Centurion bolters replaced with 1 Centurion assault launcher.
CENTURION DEVASTATOR SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their Centurion bolters replaced with 1 Centurion missile launcher. | Any number of models can each have their grav-cannon replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon
INVICTOR TACTICAL WARSUIT: This model’s incendium cannon can be replaced with 1 twin ironhail autocannon.
DREADNOUGHT: This model’s assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy plasma cannon ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 twin lascannon | This model’s Dreadnought combat weapon and storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 missile launcher and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 heavy flamer and 1 Dreadnought combat weapon
CONTEMPTOR DREADNOUGHT: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with 1 Kheres-pattern assault cannon.
IRONCLAD DREADNOUGHT: This model’s seismic hammer can be replaced with 1 Dreadnought chainfist. | This model’s Dreadnought combat weapon and storm bolter can be replaced with 1 hurricane bolter. | This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model’s meltagun can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with up to 2 hunter-killer missiles. | This model can be equipped with 1 Ironclad assault launchers.
REDEMPTOR DREADNOUGHT: This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod. | This model’s heavy flamer can be replaced with 1 onslaught gatling cannon. | This model’s heavy onslaught gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 macro plasma incinerator. | This model’s twin fragstorm grenade launcher can be replaced with 1 twin storm bolter.
BRUTALIS DREADNOUGHT: This model’s twin heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 twin multi-melta. | This model’s Brutalis fists and Brutalis bolt rifles can be replaced with 1 Brutalis talons.
BALLISTUS DREADNOUGHT: None
ASSAULT SQUAD: Up to 2 Assault Marines can each have their bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol and 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 flamer ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | The Assault Sergeant’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol | The Assault Sergeant’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 eviscerator. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. | The Assault Sergeant can do one of the following: Replace its bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword with 1 twin lightning claws. ; Be equipped with 1 Astartes shield.
ASSAULT SQUAD WITH JUMP PACKS: Up to 2 Assault Marines with Jump Packs can each have their bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol and 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 flamer ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | The Assault Sergeant with Jump Pack’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol | The Assault Sergeant with Jump Pack’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 eviscerator. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. | The Assault Sergeant with Jump Pack can do one of the following: Replace its bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword with 1 twin lightning claws. ; Be equipped with 1 Astartes shield.
OUTRIDER SQUAD: An Invader ATV’s onslaught gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 multi-melta.
INVADER ATV: This model’s onslaught gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 multi-melta.
BIKE SQUAD: Up to 2 Space Marine Bikers can each have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 plasma pistol | The Biker Sergeant’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 boltgun* ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 hand flamer ; 1 grav-pistol ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | An Attack Bike’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 multi-melta. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. | Any number of Space Marine Bikers can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 Astartes chainsword.
SCOUT BIKE SQUAD: The Scout Biker Sergeant’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 boltgun* ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of models can each have their twin boltgun replaced with 1 Astartes grenade launcher. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card.
ATTACK BIKE SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their heavy bolter replaced with 1 multi-melta.
SUPPRESSOR SQUAD: None
INCEPTOR SQUAD: All models in this unit can each have their assault bolters replaced with 1 plasma exterminators.
STORM SPEEDER HAILSTRIKE: None
STORM SPEEDER THUNDERSTRIKE: None
STORM SPEEDER HAMMERSTRIKE: None
LAND SPEEDER: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 multi-melta.
LAND SPEEDER TORNADO: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 multi-melta. | This model’s assault cannon can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer.
LAND SPEEDER TYPHOON: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 multi-melta.
HELLBLASTER SQUAD: All models in this unit can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 plasma pistol.
ELIMINATOR SQUAD: The Eliminator Sergeant’s bolt sniper rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 instigator bolt carbine ; 1 las fusil | All Eliminators in this unit can each have their bolt sniper rifle replaced with 1 las fusil.
ERADICATOR SQUAD: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 Eradicator’s melta rifle can be replaced with 1 multi-melta.
DEVASTATOR SQUAD: Up to 4 Devastator Marines can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 grav-cannon ; 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer* ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 plasma cannon* | The Devastator Sergeant’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with two different weapons from the following list:** ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | The Devastator Sergeant’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Adeptus Astartes Armoury card. ** T his model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol)
DESOLATION SQUAD: All of the models in this unit can each have their superfrag rocket launcher replaced with 1 superkrak rocket launcher. | The Desolation Sergeant’s superfrag rocket launcher or superkrak rocket launcher can be replaced with 1 vengor launcher.
THUNDERFIRE CANNON: None
FIRESTRIKE SERVO-TURRETS: Any number of models can each have their twin Firestrike las-talon replaced with 1 twin Firestrike autocannon.
HUNTER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
STALKER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
WHIRLWIND: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
PREDATOR DESTRUCTOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
PREDATOR ANNIHILATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
GLADIATOR LANCER: This model’s 2 storm bolters can be replaced with 2 fragstorm grenade launchers. | This model can be equipped with 1 ironhail heavy stubber. | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
GLADIATOR REAPER: This model can be equipped with 1 ironhail heavy stubber. | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
GLADIATOR VALIANT: This model can be equipped with 1 ironhail heavy stubber. | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
VINDICATOR: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
LAND RAIDER CRUSADER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
LAND RAIDER REDEEMER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
REPULSOR: This model’s twin heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 twin lascannon. | This model’s heavy onslaught gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 las-talon.
REPULSOR EXECUTIONER: This model’s macro plasma incinerator can be replaced with 1 heavy laser destroyer. | This model can be equipped with 1 ironhail heavy stubber. | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
RHINO: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
RAZORBACK: This model’s twin heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lascannon ; 1 twin assault cannon | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
IMPULSOR: This model can be equipped with 1 ironhail heavy stubber. | This model’s 2 storm bolters can be replaced with 2 fragstorm grenade launchers. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 bellicatus missile array ; 1 ironhail skytalon array ; 1 orbital comms array ; 1 shield dome
DROP POD: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 deathwind launcher.
LAND SPEEDER STORM: None
STORMHAWK INTERCEPTOR: This model’s skyhammer missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 typhoon missile launcher | This model’s las-talon can be replaced with 1 Icarus stormcannon.
STORMTALON GUNSHIP: This model’s skyhammer missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 typhoon missile launcher
STORMRAVEN GUNSHIP: This model’s twin assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy plasma cannon ; 1 twin lascannon | This model’s typhoon missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 2 hurricane bolters.
HAMMERFALL BUNKER: This model’s Hammerfall heavy bolter array can be replaced with 1 Hammerfall heavy flamer array.
CAPTAIN SICARIUS: None
CHAPLAIN CASSIUS: None
CHIEF LIBRARIAN TIGURIUS: None
MARNEUS CALGAR: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium | MARNEUS CALGAR: Character, Epic Hero, Gravis, Chapter Master, Marneus Calgar
SERGEANT CHRONUS: None
SERGEANT TELION: None
TYRANNIC WAR VETERANS: None
URIEL VENTRIS: None
ROBOUTE GUILLIMAN: None
DARNATH LYSANDER: None
TOR GARADON: None
PEDRO KANTOR: None
IRON FATHER FEIRROS: None
KAYVAAN SHRIKE: None
ADRAX AGATONE: None
VULKAN HE’STAN: None
KOR’SARRO KHAN: None

[Black Templars]
CHAPLAIN GRIMALDUS: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Tacticus | GRIMALDUS: Character, Epic Hero, Grenades, Chaplain Grimaldus
HIGH MARSHAL HELBRECHT: None
PRIMARIS CRUSADER SQUAD: The Primaris Sword Brother’s heavy bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 pyre pistol. | All of the Primaris Neophytes can each have their bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword replaced with 1 Neophyte firearm and 1 close combat weapon. | Any number of Primaris Initiates can each have their bolt rifle replaced with 1 heavy bolt pistol and 1 Astartes chainsword. | For every 10 models in this unit, up to 2 Primaris Initiates can each have their bolt rifle replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolt pistol and 1 power fist ; 1 pyreblaster
PRIMARIS SWORD BRETHREN: Any number of Primaris Sword Brothers can each have their Astartes chainsword replaced with 1 power weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Primaris Sword Brother’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 thunder hammer. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Primaris Sword Brother’s heavy bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Primaris Sword Brothers can each have their heavy bolt pistol replaced with 1 pyre pistol. | The Sword Brother Castellan’s heavy bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon and 1 Astartes chainsword. ; 1 combi-weapon and 1 master-crafted power weapon. ; 1 heavy bolt pistol and 1 master-crafted power weapon.
THE EMPEROR’S CHAMPION: None
CASTELLAN: This model’s combi-weapon can be replaced with 1 heavy bolt pistol. | This model’s master-crafted power weapon can be replaced with 1 Astartes chainsword.
MARSHAL: This model’s plasma pistol can be replaced with one combi-weapon.
BLACK TEMPLARS GLADIATOR LANCER: This model’s 2 storm bolters can be replaced with 2 fragstorm grenade launchers. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 ironhail heavy stubber ; 1 multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
BLACK TEMPLARS GLADIATOR REAPER: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 ironhail heavy stubber ; 1 multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
BLACK TEMPLARS GLADIATOR VALIANT: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 ironhail heavy stubber ; 1 multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.
BLACK TEMPLARS IMPULSOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 ironhail heavy stubber ; 1 multi-melta | This model’s 2 storm bolters can be replaced with 2 fragstorm grenade launchers. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 bellicatus missile array ; 1 ironhail skytalon array ; 1 orbital comms array ; 1 shield dome
BLACK TEMPLARS REPULSOR: This model’s twin heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 twin lascannon. | This model’s heavy onslaught gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 las-talon. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta.
BLACK TEMPLARS REPULSOR EXECUTIONER: This model’s macro plasma incinerator can be replaced with 1 heavy laser destroyer. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 ironhail heavy stubber ; 1 multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 Icarus rocket pod.

[Deathwatch]
WATCH MASTER: None
WATCH CAPTAIN ARTEMIS: None
DEATHWATCH VETERANS: For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 models can each have their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 frag cannon and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 infernus heavy bolter and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 missile launcher and 1 close combat weapon | Any number of models can each have their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 Long Vigil ranged weapon and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 Astartes shield, 1 boltgun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 Astartes shield and 1 Long Vigil melee weapon | The Watch Sergeant’s Long Vigil melee weapon can be replaced with 1 xenophase blade. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 models can each have their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon replaced with 1 Deathwatch thunder hammer. | The Watch Sergeant’s boltgun can be replaced with 1 Long Vigil ranged weapon.
DEATHWATCH TERMINATOR SQUAD: Up to 3 Deathwatch Terminators can each have their storm bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 plasma cannon ; 1 cyclone missile launcher and 1 storm bolter (this model’s storm bolter cannot be replaced) | Any number of models can each have their power fist and storm bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 storm bolter and 1 power weapon ; 1 storm bolter and 1 chainfist ; 1 twin lightning claws ; 1 thunder hammer and 1 storm shield
VETERAN BIKE SQUAD: The Veteran Biker Sergeant can be equipped with one of the following: 1 Long Vigil ranged weapon ; 1 Long Vigil melee weapon ; 1 xenophase blade ; 1 Astartes shield | Any number of Veteran Biker models can each be equipped with 1 Long Vigil melee weapon.
CORVUS BLACKSTAR: This model’s twin assault cannon can be replaced with 1 twin lascannon. | This model’s 2 Blackstar rocket launchers can be replaced with 2 stormstrike missile launchers. | This model can be equipped with 1 hurricane bolter. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 auspex array ; 1 infernum halo-launcher
PROTEUS KILL TEAM: Up to 3 models can each have their storm bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 assault cannon* ; 1 heavy flamer* ; 1 plasma cannon* ; 1 cyclone missile launcher* and 1 storm bolter (this model’s storm bolter cannot be replaced) | Any number of Kill Team Veterans can replace their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon with: 1 Long Vigil ranged weapon* ; 1 boltgun and 1 Astartes shield ; 1 Long Vigil melee weapon and 1 Astartes shield | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 models can replace their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon with 1 Deathwatch thunder hammer. | Any number of Kill Team Terminator models can replace their power fist and storm bolter with one of the following: 1 storm bolter and 1 power weapon ; 1 storm bolter and 1 chainfist ; 1 twin lightning claws ; 1 Terminator thunder hammer and 1 storm shield | For every 5 models in the unit, up to 2 models can replace their boltgun and Long Vigil melee weapon with one of the following: 1 frag cannon ; 1 Infernus heavy bolter* | Any number of Kill Team Biker models can be equipped with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 Long Vigil melee weapon * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Deathwatch Armoury card.
FORTIS KILL TEAM: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s bolt rifle can be replaced with 1 Long Vigil ranged weapon. | 1 Kill Team Intercessor’s bolt rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 Long Vigil melee weapon | Any number of Kill Team Intercessors with plasma incinerators can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 plasma pistol.* * The profile for this weapon can be found on the Deathwatch Armoury card. | 1 model equipped with a bolt rifle can replace its close combat weapon with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 Long Vigil melee weapon
INDOMITOR KILL TEAM: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model equipped with a heavy bolt rifle can have its heavy bolt rifle replaced with 1 heavy bolter. | 1 model equipped with a melta rifle can have its melta rifle replaced with 1 multi-melta. | Any number of models equipped with flamestorm gauntlets can each have their flamestorm gauntlets replaced with 1 auto boltstorm gauntlets and 1 fragstorm grenade launcher. | Any number of models equipped with assault bolters can each have their assault bolters replaced with 1 plasma exterminators.
SPECTRUS KILL TEAM: One model equipped with a marksman bolt carbine can be equipped with one of the following: 1 helix gauntlet ; 1 Infiltrator comms array

[Leagues of Votann]
ÛTHAR THE DESTINED: None
KÂHL: This model’s Autoch-pattern combi-bolter can be replaced with 1 volkanite disintegrator. | This model’s forgewrought plasma axe can be replaced with 1 mass gauntlet. | This model’s rampart crest can be replaced with 1 teleport crest.
EINHYR CHAMPION: This model’s mass hammer can be replaced with 1 darkstar axe. | This model’s weavefield crest can be replaced with 1 teleport crest.
GRIMNYR: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Grimnyr | GRIMNYR MODEL: Character, Psyker
BRÔKHYR IRON-MASTER: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Brôkhyr Iron-master | BRÔKHYR IRON-MASTER MODEL: Character
HEARTHKYN WARRIORS: All models in this unit can each have their Autoch-pattern bolter replaced with 1 ion blaster. | Up to 3 different Hearthkyn Warriors equipped with either an Autoch-pattern bolter or an ion blaster can each be equipped with one of the following (to a maximum of 1 of each per unit): 1 medipack** ; 1 comms array** ; 1 pan spectral scanner** | Up to 2 Hearthkyn Warriors can each have their Autoch-pattern bolter or ion blaster replaced with one of the following: 1 HYLas auto rifle* ; 1 HYLas rotary cannon* ; 1 L7 missile launcher* ; 1 EtaCarn plasma beamer* ; 1 magna-rail rifle* ; 1 Kin melee weapon ** This model’s Autoch-pattern bolter or ion blaster cannot be replaced. | The Theyn’s Autoch-pattern bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 ion pistol ; 1 EtaCarn plasma pistol * You can only select each of these options once per unit. | The Theyn’s Autoch-pattern bolter or ion blaster can be replaced with 1 Kin melee weapon.
EINHYR HEARTHGUARD: All models in this unit can each have their EtaCarn plasma gun replaced with 1 volkanite disintegrator. | All models in this unit can each have their concussion gauntlet replaced with 1 plasma blade gauntlet. | The Hesyr’s concussion gauntlet or plasma blade gauntlet can be replaced with 1 concussion hammer. | The Hesyr’s weavefield crest can be replaced with 1 teleport crest.
CTHONIAN BESERKS: All models in this unit can each have their heavy plasma axe replaced with 1 concussion maul. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model that is not equipped with a mole grenade launcher can have its heavy plasma axe or concussion maul replaced with 1 twin concussion gauntlet. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model that is not equipped with a twin concussion gauntlet can be equipped with 1 mole grenade launcher. If a model is equipped with a mole grenade launcher, add 1 to its Wounds and Attacks characteristics.* * Designer’s Note: If a Cthonian Beserk is equipped with a mole grenade launcher, it will be accompanied by an L-COG unit: both models should be placed on the same base and together they act as a single model for all rules purposes (albeit one with improved characteristics).
HERNKYN PIONEERS: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model can be equipped with one of the following (if a model is equipped with any of these weapons, add 1 to its Wounds characteristic): 1 HYLas rotary cannon ; 1 ion beamer | Up to 3 different models that are not equipped with either a HYLas rotary cannon or an ion beamer can each be equipped with 1 of the following (to a maximum of 1 of each per unit): 1 comms array* ; 1 pan spectral scanner* ; 1 rollbar searchlight* * This model cannot be equipped with a HYLas rotary cannon or an ion beamer.
SAGITAUR: This model’s HYLas beam cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 L7 missile launcher and 1 Sagitaur missile launcher ; 1 MATR autocannon
BRÔKHYR THUNDERKYN: All models in this unit can each have their bolt cannon replaced with 1 graviton blast cannon. | All models in this unit can each have their bolt cannon replaced with 1 SP conversion beamer.
HEKATON LAND FORTRESS: This model can do one of the following: Replace 1 twin bolt cannon with 1 twin ion beamer ; Replace 2 twin bolt cannons with 2 twin ion beamers | This model’s cyclic ion cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 SP heavy conversion beamer ; 1 heavy magna-rail cannon | This model’s pan spectral scanner can be replaced with 1 Hekaton warhead.

[Chaos Space Marines]
ABADDON THE DESPOILER: None
HAARKEN WORLDCLAIMER: None
HURON BLACKHEART: None
HERETIC ASTARTES DAEMON PRINCE: None
HERETIC ASTARTES DAEMON PRINCE WITH WINGS: None
FABIUS BILE: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Chaos, Chaos Undivided – FABIUS BILE ONLY: Character, Epic Hero, Fabius Bile
CYPHER: None
MASTER OF POSSESSION: None
CHAOS LORD: This model’s daemon hammer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist | This model’s plasma pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 daemon hammer ; 1 power fist
CHAOS LORD IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s combi-bolter can be replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | This model’s exalted weapon can be replaced with 1 chainfist. | This model’s combi-bolter and exalted weapon can be replaced with 1 paired accursed weapons.
SORCERER: None
SORCERER IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s combi-bolter can be replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | This model can be equipped with 1 Chaos familiar.
LUCIUS THE ETERNAL: None
LORD DISCORDANT ON HELSTALKER: This model’s Helstalker autocannon can be replaced with 1 baleflamer. | This model’s techno-virus injector can be replaced with 1 magma cutter.
WARPSMITH: This model’s exalted weapon can be replaced with 1 warp hammer.
EXALTED CHAMPION: None
DARK APOSTLE: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Grenades, Chaos – DARK APOSTLE ONLY: Character, Dark Apostle
DARK COMMUNE: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Grenades, Chaos, Dark Commune | MINDWITCH ONLY: Psyker | CULT DEMAGOGUE ONLY: Character, Cult Demagogue
LEGIONARIES: One Legionary’s boltgun can be replaced with 1 balefire tome. | The Aspiring Champion’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 heavy melee weapon | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Legionary’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following (duplicates are not allowed): 1 plasma pistol ; 1 flamer ; 1 havoc autocannon ; 1 heavy bolter** ; 1 lascannon** ; 1 meltagun ; 1 missile launcher** ; 1 plasma gun** ; 1 reaper chaincannon | The Aspiring Champion’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 heavy melee weapon | 1 model can be equipped with 1 Chaos icon. | Any number of Legionaries can each have their boltgun replaced with 1 Astartes chainsword. * Maximum 1 per model. ** This weapon’s profile can be found on the Heretic Astartes Armoury card. | One Legionary’s boltgun can be replaced with 1 heavy melee weapon.
CULTIST MOB: The Cultist Champion’s autopistol can be replaced with 1 bolt pistol. | Any number of models can each have their autopistol and brutal assault weapon replaced with 1 Cultist firearm and 1 close combat weapon. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Chaos Cultist’s autopistol and brutal assault weapon can be replaced with 1 flamer and 1 close combat weapon. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Chaos Cultist’s autopistol and brutal assault weapon can be replaced with 1 heavy stubber and 1 close combat weapon. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Chaos Cultist’s autopistol and brutal assault weapon can be replaced with 1 Cultist grenade launcher and 1 close combat weapon.
ACCURSED CULTISTS: None
CHAOS TERMINATOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Terminator’s combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy flamer ; 1 reaper autocannon | Any number of models can each have their combi-bolter replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s combi-bolter and accursed weapon can be replaced with 1 paired accursed weapons. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 3 models can each have their accursed weapon replaced with 1 power fist. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s accursed weapon can be replaced with 1 chainfist.
MASTER OF EXECUTIONS: None
POSSESSED: 1 model can be equipped with 1 Chaos icon.
CHOSEN: For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s boltgun and accursed weapon can be replaced with 1 paired accursed weapons. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model equipped with a boltgun can have its accursed weapon replaced with 1 power fist. That model’s boltgun cannot be replaced. | 1 model can be equipped with 1 Chaos icon.
NOISE MARINES: The Noise Champion’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 sonic blaster | Any number of Noise Marines can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 sonic blaster | 1 Noise Marine’s boltgun can be replaced with 1 blastmaster. | The Noise Champion’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist | The Noise Champion can be equipped with 1 doom siren. | 1 model can be equipped with 1 Chaos icon. * Maximum 1 per model.
VENOMCRAWLER: None
CHAOS BIKERS: The Biker Champion’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist | Any number of Chaos Bikers can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 Astartes chainsword. | Up to 2 Chaos Bikers can each have their combi-bolter replaced with 1 combi-weapon, or can be equipped with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | 1 model can be equipped with 1 Chaos icon.
RAPTORS: The Raptor Champion’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | The Raptor Champion’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 accursed weapon ; 1 power fist | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Raptors can each have their bolt pistol replaced with 1 plasma pistol, or have theirbolt pistol and Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 meltagun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 plasma gun and 1 close combat weapon
WARP TALONS: None
HAVOCS: The Havoc Champion’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 accursed weapon ; 1 power fist | Any number of Havocs can each have their Havoc autocannon or Havoc lascannon replaced with one of the following: 1 Havoc autocannon ; 1 Havoc heavy bolter ; 1 Havoc lascannon ; 1 Havoc missile launcher ; 1 Havoc reaper chaincannon | The Havoc Champion’s flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun* ; 1 meltagun* ; 1 plasma gun* ; 1 plasma pistol* ; 1 accursed weapon ; 1 power fist * This weapon’s profile can be found on the Heretic Astartes Armoury card.
OBLITERATORS: None
CHAOS LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
CHAOS PREDATOR ANNIHILATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 Havoc launcher.
CHAOS PREDATOR DESTRUCTOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 Havoc launcher.
CHAOS VINDICATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 Havoc launcher.
DEFILER: This model’s twin heavy flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Defiler scourge ; 1 havoc launcher | This model’s reaper autocannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon
FORGEFIEND: This model’s 2 Hades autocannons can be replaced with 2 ectoplasma cannons. | This model’s Forgefiend jaws can be replaced with 1 ectoplasma cannon and 1 armoured limbs.
HELBRUTE: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute plasma cannon ; 1 twin autocannon ; 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 Helbrute fist | This model’s missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute fist ; 1 Helbrute hammer ; 1 power scourge | For each Helbrute fist this model is equipped with, it can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 heavy flamer
HELDRAKE: This model’s Hades autocannon can be replaced with 1 baleflamer.
MAULERFIEND: This model’s lasher tendrils can be replaced with 2 magma cutters.
CHAOS RHINO: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
CHAOS SPAWN: None
KHORNE LORD OF SKULLS: This model’s gorestorm cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 daemongore cannon ; 1 ichor cannon | This model’s Hades gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 skullhurler.
NOCTILITH CROWN: None
VASHTORR THE ARKIFANE: None
TRAITOR GUARDSMEN SQUAD: Up to 3 Traitor Guardsmen can each have their lasgun replaced with one of the following: 1 Cultist grenade launcher ; 1 flamer ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 Cultist sniper rifle | The Traitor Sergeant’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainsword ; 1 power weapon | The Traitor Sergeant’s corrupted pistol can be replaced with 1 boltgun.

[Death Guard]
DEATH GUARD DAEMON PRINCE: None
DEATH GUARD DAEMON PRINCE WITH WINGS: None
TYPHUS: None
DEATH GUARD CHAOS LORD: This model’s plague bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague combi-bolter ; 1 plague fist ; 1 plague-encrusted exalted weapon ; 1 plasma pistol | This model’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plague fist ; 1 plague-encrusted exalted weapon | This model’s plague bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lighting claws.
DEATH GUARD CHAOS LORD IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s plague combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague-encrusted exalted weapon | This model’s plague-encrusted exalted weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 plague fist | This model’s plague combi-bolter and plague-encrusted exalted weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lighting claws.
LORD OF VIRULENCE: None
LORD OF CONTAGION: None
DEATH GUARD SORCERER IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s plague combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague-encrusted exalted weapon | This model’s force weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 plague fist ; 1 plague-encrusted exalted weapon | This model’s plague combi-bolter and force weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lighting claws.
MALIGNANT PLAGUECASTER: None
PLAGUE MARINES: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Plague Marine’s plague boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 meltagun ; 1 plague belcher ; 1 plasma gun | The Plague Champion’s plague boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plague bolt pistol ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 plasma pistol | The Plague Champion’s plague knives can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bubotic weapons ; 1 heavy plague weapon | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Plague Marines can each have their plague boltgun replaced with 1 bubotic weapons. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Plague Marines can each have their plague boltgun replaced with 1 heavy plague weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Plague Marine’s plague boltgun can be replaced with 1 blight launcher. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Plague Marine’s plague boltgun can be replaced with 1 plague spewer.
DEATH GUARD CULTISTS: For every 10 models in the unit, 1 Death Guard Cultist’s Cultist firearm can be replaced with 1 flamer. | For every 10 models in the unit, 1 Death Guard Cultist’s Cultist firearm can be replaced with 1 heavy stubber. | For every 10 models in the unit, 1 Death Guard Cultist’s Cultist firearm can be replaced with 1 grenade launcher.
POXWALKERS: None
NOXIOUS BLIGHTBRINGER: None
FOUL BLIGHTSPAWN: None
BIOLOGUS PUTRIFIER: None
TALLYMAN: None
PLAGUE SURGEON: None
BLIGHTLORD TERMINATORS: For every 5 models in this unit: Up to 3 models’ plague combi-bolters can each be replaced with 1 combi-weapon. ; 1 Blightlord Terminator’s plague combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 blight launcher; 1 reaper autocannon. ; 1 Blightlord Terminator’s plague combi-bolter can be replaced with 1 plague spewer. ; 1 Blightlord Terminator’s plague combi-bolter and bubotic blade can be replaced with 1 flail of corruption.
DEATHSHROUD TERMINATORS: The Deathshroud Champion can be equipped with 1 additional plaguespurt gauntlet.
DEATH GUARD HELBRUTE: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute plasma cannon ; 1 twin autocannon ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 twin plague heavy bolter ; 1 Helbrute fist | This model’s missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute fist ; 1 Helbrute hammer ; 1 power scourge | For each Helbrute fist this model is equipped with, it can be equipped with one of the following: 1 plague combi-bolter ; 1 heavy flamer
DEATH GUARD CHAOS SPAWN: None
MYPHITIC BLIGHT-HAULERS: None
FOETID BLOAT-DRONE: This model’s fleshmower can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy blight launcher ; 2 plaguespitters
PLAGUEBURST CRAWLER: This model’s 2 entropy cannons can be replaced with 2 plaguespitters. | This model’s heavy slugger can be replaced with 1 rothail volley gun.
DEATH GUARD LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague combi-bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
DEATH GUARD PREDATOR ANNIHILATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons ; 2 plague heavy bolters | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague combi-bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
DEATH GUARD PREDATOR DESTRUCTOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons ; 2 plague heavy bolters | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague combi-bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
DEATH GUARD DEFILER: This model’s twin heavy flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Defiler scourge ; 1 havoc launcher | This model’s reaper autocannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lascannon ; 1 twin plague heavy bolter | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plague combi-bolter
DEATH GUARD RHINO: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 additional plague combi-bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
MORTARION: None
DEATH GUARD ICON BEARER: None
MIASMIC MALIGNIFIER: None

[Drukhari]
ARCHON: This model’s splinter pistol can be replaced with 1 blast pistol.
BEASTMASTER: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Beasts, Aeldari | RAZORWING FLOCKS: Fly | BEASTMASTER: Mounted, Character, Fly, Beastmaster
COURT OF THE ARCHON: None
CRONOS: Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 spirit vortex.
DRAZHAR: None
GROTESQUES: Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 liquifier gun.
HAEMONCULUS: None
HELLIONS: The Helliarch can be equipped with 1 phantasm grenade launcher. | The Helliarch’s hellglaive can be replaced with 1 splinter pistol and 1 Helliarch weapon.
INCUBI: The Klaivex’s klaive can be replaced with 1 demilklaives.
KABALITE WARRIORS: The Sybarite’s close combat weapon can be replaced with 1 Sybarite weapon. | The Sybarite can be equipped with 1 phantasm grenade launcher. | The Sybarite’s splinter rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 blast pistol ; 1 splinter pistol | 1 Kabalite Warrior’s splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 blaster. | 1 Kabalite Warrior’s splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 dark lance. | 1 Kabalite Warrior’s splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 shredder. | 1 Kabalite Warrior’s splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 splinter cannon.
LELITH HESPERAX: None
MANDRAKES: None
RAIDER: This model’s dark lance can be replaced with 1 disintegrator cannon.
RAVAGER: Any number of this model’s dark lances can each be replaced with 1 disintegrator cannon.
RAZORWING JETFIGHTER: This model’s 2 dark lances can be replaced with 2 disintegrator cannons. | This model’s twin splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 splinter cannon.
REAVERS: The Arena Champion can be equipped with 1 agoniser. | For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model’s splinter rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 blaster ; 1 heat lance | For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 grav-talon ; 1 cluster caltrops
SCOURGES: The Solarite can be equipped with 1 Solarite weapon. | The Solarite can replace its shardcarbine with one of the following: 1 blast pistol ; 1 splinter pistol | Up to 4 Scourges can each replace their shardcarbine with one of the following: 1 blaster ; 1 dark lance ; 1 Drukhari haywire blaster ; 1 heat lance ; 1 shredder ; 1 splinter cannon
SUCCUBUS: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 blast pistol ; 1 splinter pistol
TALOS: Any number of models can each replace their twin splinter cannon with one of the following: 1 twin Drukhari haywire blasters ; 1 twin heat lance ; 1 stinger pod | Any number of models can each replace one of their macro-scalpels with one of the following: 1 Talos ichor injector ; 1 twin liquifier gun | Any number of models can each replace one of their macro-scalpels with one of the following: 1 chain-flails ; 1 Talos gauntlet
URIEN RAKARTH: None
VENOM: This model’s twin splinter rifle can be replaced with 1 splinter cannon.
VOIDRAVEN BOMBER: This model can be equipped with 1 Voidraven missiles. | The model’s 2 void lances can be replaced with 2 dark scythes.
WRACKS: For every 5 models in the unit: 1 model can be equipped with 1 hexrifle* ; 1 model can be equipped with 1 liquifier gun* ; 1 model can be equipped with 1 ossefactor* ; 1 model can be equipped with 1 stinger pistol* * Each model cannot be equipped with more than 1 ranged weapon.
WYCHES: The Hekatrix can be equipped with 1 phantasm grenade launcher. | The Hekatrix’s splinter pistol can be replaced with 1 blast pistol.

[Agents of the Imperium]
VINDICARE ASSASSIN: None
CULEXUS ASSASSIN: None
EVERSOR ASSASSIN: None
CALLIDUS ASSASSIN: None
ROGUE TRADER ENTOURAGE: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Grenades, Imperium, Navis Imperialis, Retinue, Rogue Trader Entourage | ROGUE TRADER: Character
VOIDSMEN-AT-ARMS: None
IMPERIAL NAVY BREACHERS: The Navis Sergeant-at-Arms’ Navis shotgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 autopistol and 1 chainsword ; 1 bolt pistol and 1 power weapon | 1 Navis Armsman’s Navis las-volley can be replaced with one of the following: 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | 1 Navis Armsman’s Navis shotgun can be replaced with 1 autopistol and 1 power weapon. | 1 Navis Armsman’s Navis shotgun can be replaced with 1 autopistol and 1 chainfist. | 1 Navis Armsman can be equipped with 1 demolition charge and 1 grenade belts.
SUBDUCTOR SQUAD: The Proctor-Subductor can be equipped with 1 nuncio aquila.
EXACTION SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Exaction Vigilants can each have their Arbites combat shotguns replaced with one of the following (duplicates are not allowed): 1 executioner shotgun ; 1 Arbites grenade launcher ; 1 heavy stubber ; 1 webber | 1 Exaction Vigilant that is equipped with an Arbites combat shotgun can be equipped with 1 excruciator maul.* | 1 other Exaction Vigilant that is equipped with an Arbites combat shotgun can be equipped with 1 Arbites medi-kit.* | 1 other Exaction Vigilant that is equipped with an Arbites combat shotgun can be equipped with 1 soulguilt scanner.* | The Proctor-Exactant can be equipped with 1 nuncio aquila. * That model’s Arbites combat shotgun cannot be replaced.
VIGILANT SQUAD: Up to 2 Vigilants can each have their Arbites combat shotgun replaced with one of the following (duplicates are not allowed): 1 executioner shotgun ; 1 Arbites grenade launcher ; 1 heavy stubber ; 1 webber | The Proctor-Vigilant can be equipped with 1 nuncio aquila.
LORD INQUISITOR KYRIA DRAXUS: None
INQUISITOR COTEAZ: None
INQUISITOR GREYFAX: None
INQUISITOR KARAMAZOV: None
INQUISITOR: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | This model’s blessed wardings can be replaced with 1 psychic gifts and 1 Psychic Shock Wave. | If this model is equipped with 1 psychic gifts, its Inquisitorial melee weapon can be replaced with 1 force weapon.
INQUISITOR EISENHORN: None
INQUISITORIAL HENCHMEN: 1 Inquisitorial Acolyte can be equipped with 1 plasma pistol. | 1 Inquisitorial Acolyte can be equipped with 1 eviscerator. | 1 Gun Servitor’s heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 multi-melta ; 1 plasma cannon

[Necrons]
IMOTEKH THE STORMLORD: None
ORIKAN THE DIVINER: None
ANRAKYR THE TRAVELLER: None
VARGARD OBYRON: None
ILLUMINOR SZERAS: None
NEMESOR ZAHNDREKH: None
TRAZYN THE INFINITE: None
ROYAL WARDEN: None
SKORPEKH LORD: None
LOKHUST LORD: This model’s staff of light can be replaced with 1 Lord’s blade. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 phylactery ; 1 resurrection orb
LORD: This model’s staff of light can be replaced with 1 Lord’s blade. | This model can be equipped with 1 resurrection orb.
CATACOMB COMMAND BARGE: This model’s gauss cannon can be replaced with 1 tesla cannon. | This model’s staff of light can be replaced with 1 Overlord’s blade. | This model can be equipped with 1 resurrection orb.
OVERLORD: This model’s tachyon arrow and Overlord’s blade can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Overlord’s blade ; 1 staff of light ; 1 voidscythe | If this model is not equipped with a tachyon arrow, it can be equipped with 1 resurrection orb.
TECHNOMANCER: This model’s Canoptek cloak can be replaced with 1 Canoptek control node.
PSYCHOMANCER: None
CHRONOMANCER: None
PLASMANCER: None
NECRON WARRIORS: Any number of models can each have their gauss flayer replaced with 1 gauss reaper.
IMMORTALS: All models in this unit can each have their gauss blaster replaced with 1 tesla carbine.
CANOPTEK REANIMATOR: None
HEXMARK DESTROYER: None
LYCHGUARD: All models in this unit can each have their warscythe replaced with 1 hyperphase sword and 1 dispersion shield.
DEATHMARKS: None
FLAYED ONES: None
CRYPTOTHRALLS: None
SKORPEKH DESTROYERS: For every 3 models in this unit, this unit can have 1 Plasmacyte.
TRIARCH STALKER: This model’s heat ray can be replaced with one of the following: 1 particle shredder ; 1 twin heavy gauss cannon
C’TAN SHARD OF THE DECEIVER: None
C’TAN SHARD OF THE NIGHTBRINGER: None
C’TAN SHARD OF THE VOID DRAGON: None
TRANSCENDENT C’TAN: None
CANOPTEK SPYDERS: Any number of models can each be equipped with 2 particle beamers. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 fabricator claw array. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 gloom prism.
CANOPTEK SCARAB SWARMS: None
OPHYDIAN DESTROYERS: For every 3 models in this unit, this unit can have 1 Plasmacyte.
TOMB BLADES: Any number of models can each have their twin gauss blaster replaced with one of the following: 1 particle beamer ; 1 twin tesla carbine | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 shieldvanes. | Any number of models can each be equipped with one of the following: 1 nebuloscope ; 1 shadowloom
TRIARCH PRAETORIANS: All models in this unit can each have their rod of covenant replaced with 1 particle caster and 1 voidblade.
CANOPTEK WRAITHS: Any number of models can each be equipped with one of the following: 1 particle caster ; 1 transdimensional beamer | Any number of models can each have their vicious claws replaced with whip coils.
ANNIHILATION BARGE: This model’s gauss cannon can be replaced with 1 tesla cannon.
DOOMSDAY ARK: None
LOKHUST DESTROYERS: None
LOKHUST HEAVY DESTROYERS: Any number of models can each have their gauss destructor replaced with 1 enmitic exterminator.
CANOPTEK DOOMSTALKER: None
GHOST ARK: None
DOOM SCYTHE: None
NIGHT SCYTHE: None
OBELISK: None
TESSERACT VAULT: None
MONOLITH: This model’s 4 gauss flux arcs can be replaced with 4 death rays.
THE SILENT KING: None
CONVERGENCE OF DOMINION: None

[T'au Empire]
COMMANDER SHADOWSUN: None
COMMANDER FARSIGHT: None
COMMANDER IN CRISIS BATTLESUIT: This model can be equipped with up to three of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 burst cannon ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | This model’s burst cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone** ; 1 marker drone** ; 1 shield drone** * This model cannot have duplicates of these pieces of wargear. ** This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
COMMANDER IN ENFORCER BATTLESUIT: This model can be equipped with up to three of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 burst cannon ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | This model’s burst cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone** ; 1 marker drone** ; 1 shield drone** * This model cannot have duplicates of these pieces of wargear. ** This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
COMMANDER IN COLDSTAR BATTLESUIT: This model can be equipped with up to three of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 burst cannon ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | This model’s high-output burst cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 burst cannon ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* * This model cannot have duplicates of these pieces of wargear. | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone** ; 1 marker drone** ; 1 shield drone** ** This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
CADRE FIREBLADE: This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
KROOT SHAPER: This model’s Kroot rifle can be replaced with 1 pulse rifle.
ETHEREAL: This model can be equipped with 1 hover drone. | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
AUN’VA: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry – AUN’VA: Character, Epic Hero, Ethereal, Aun’Va
AUN’SHI: None
DARKSTRIDER: None
LONGSTRIKE: This model’s railgun can be replaced with 1 ion cannon. | This model’s 2 twin pulse carbines can be replaced with one of the following: 2 accelerator burst cannons ; 2 twin smart missile systems | This model can be equipped with up to 2 seeker missiles.
STRIKE TEAM: The Fire Warrior Shas’ui can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 guardian drone* (it cannot take duplicates of this piece of wargear) ; 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* | Any number of Fire Warrior models can each have their pulse rifle replaced with 1 pulse carbine. * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
BREACHER TEAM: The Breacher Fire Warrior Shas’ui can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 guardian drone* (it cannot take duplicates of this piece of wargear) ; 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
KROOT CARNIVORES: None
KROOTOX RIDERS: None
CRISIS BATTLESUITS: Any number of models can each be equipped with up to three of the following, and can take duplicates***: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 burst cannon ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | Any number of models can each have their burst cannon replaced with one of the following: 1 airbursting fragmentation projector* ; 1 battlesuit support system* ; 1 cyclic ion blaster ; 1 fusion blaster ; 1 missile pod ; 1 plasma rifle ; 1 shield generator* ; 1 T’au flamer ; 1 weapon support system* | Any number of models can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone** ; 1 marker drone** ; 1 shield drone** * Each model cannot have duplicates of these pieces of wargear. ** This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card. *** Each model cannot be equipped with more than 3 ranged weapons.
STEALTH BATTLESUITS: The Stealth Shas’vre can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* | For every 3 models in the unit, 1 model’s burst cannon can be replaced with 1 fusion blaster. | For every 3 models in the unit, 1 model can be equipped with 1 battlesuit support system. * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
GHOSTKEEL BATTLESUIT: This model’s fusion collider can be replaced with 1 cyclic ion raker. | This model’s twin T’au flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin fusion blaster ; 1 twin burst cannon | This model can be equipped with one battlesuit support system.
FIRESIGHT TEAM: None
PATHFINDER TEAM: The Pathfinder Shas’ui can be equipped with one of the following: 1 grav-inhibitor drone ; 1 pulse accelerator drone ; 1 recon drone | Up to 3 Pathfinders can each have their pulse carbine replaced with one of the following: 1 ion rifle ; 1 rail rifle | 1 model in this unit equipped with a pulse carbine can be equipped with 1 semi-automatic grenade launcher. That model’s pulse carbine cannot be replaced. | 1 model in this unit can be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone* ; 1 marker drone* ; 1 shield drone* * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
PIRANHA: Any number of models can each have their Piranha burst cannon can be replaced with 1 Piranha fusion blaster. | Any number of models can each be equipped with up to 2 seeker missiles.
VESPID STINGWINGS: None
KROOT HOUNDS: None
BROADSIDE BATTLESUITS: Any number of models can each have their heavy rail rifle replaced with 1 high-yield missile pods. | Any number of models can each be equipped with up to two of the following, but cannot take duplicates: 1 battlesuit support system ; 1 seeker missile ; 1 twin plasma rifle* ; 1 twin smart missile system* ; 1 weapon support system | Any number of models can each be equipped with up to two of the following, and can take duplicates: 1 gun drone** ; 1 marker drone** ; 1 missile drone** ; 1 shield drone** * No model can be equipped with both a twin plasma rifle and twin smart missile system at the same time. * * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
RIPTIDE BATTLESUIT: This model’s heavy burst cannon can be replaced with 1 ion accelerator. | This model’s twin plasma rifles can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin fusion blaster ; 1 twin smart missile system | This model can be equipped with up to 2 missile drones*. * This drone’s rules can be found on the T’au Empire Drones card.
HAMMERHEAD GUNSHIP: This model’s railgun can be replaced with 1 ion cannon. | This model’s 2 twin pulse carbines can be replaced with one of the following: 2 accelerator burst cannons ; 2 twin smart missile systems | This model can be equipped with up to 2 seeker missiles.
SKY RAY GUNSHIP: This model’s 2 twin pulse carbines can be replaced with one of the following: 2 accelerator burst cannons ; 2 twin smart missile systems
DEVILFISH: This model’s 2 twin pulse carbines can be replaced with 2 twin smart missile systems. | This model can be equipped with up to 2 seeker missiles.
RAZORSHARK STRIKE FIGHTER: This model’s accelerator burst cannon can be replaced with 1 missile pod.
SUN SHARK BOMBER: This model can be equipped with 1 additional missile pod.
TIDEWALL SHIELDLINE: This model can be equipped with 1 Tidewall defence platform.
TIDEWALL DRONEPORT: None
TIDEWALL GUNRIG: None
STORMSURGE: This model’s pulse driver cannon can be replaced with 1 pulse blast cannon. | This model’s twin T’au flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin airbursting fragmentation projector ; 1 twin burst cannon
TACTICAL DRONES: None
KROOT FARSTALKERS: The Kroot Kill-broker’s Farstalker firearm can be replaced with one of the following: 1 pulse carbine ; 1 pulse rifle | 1 Kroot Farstalker’s Farstalker firearm can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Dvorgite skinner ; 1 Londaxi tribalest | 1 Kroot Farstalker equipped with a Farstalker firearm can be equipped with 1 Pech’ra.

[Thousand Sons]
AHRIMAN: None
AHRIMAN ON DISC OF TZEENTCH: None
THOUSAND SONS LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-bolter ; 1 inferno combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
THOUSAND SONS PREDATOR ANNIHILATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons ; 2 inferno heavy bolters | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-bolter ; 1 inferno combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
THOUSAND SONS PREDATOR DESTRUCTOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons ; 2 inferno heavy bolters | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-bolter ; 1 inferno combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
THOUSAND SONS RHINO: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 additional inferno combi-bolter ; 1 inferno combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
THOUSAND SONS CHAOS SPAWN: None
THOUSAND SONS VINDICATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-bolter ; 1 inferno combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
THOUSAND SONS DEFILER: This model’s twin heavy flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Defiler scourge ; 1 havoc launcher | This model’s reaper autocannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lascannon ; 1 twin inferno heavy bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 inferno combi-weapon.
EXALTED SORCERER: This model’s inferno bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 warpflame pistol | This model can be equipped with 1 Prosperine khopesh.
EXALTED SORCERER ON DISC OF TZEENTCH: This model’s inferno bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 warpflame pistol | This model can be equipped with 1 Prosperine khopesh.
THOUSAND SONS FORGEFIEND: This model’s 2 Hades autocannons can be replaced with 2 ectoplasma cannons. | This model’s Forgefiend jaws can be replaced with 1 ectoplasma cannon and 1 Forgefiend claws.
THOUSAND SONS HELBRUTE: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute plasma cannon ; 1 twin autocannon ; 1 twin inferno heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 Helbrute fist | This model’s missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute fist ; 1 Helbrute hammer ; 1 power scourge | For each Helbrute fist this model is equipped with, it can be equipped with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-bolter ; 1 heavy flamer
THOUSAND SONS HELDRAKE: This model’s Hades autocannon can be replaced with 1 baleflamer.
INFERNAL MASTER: None
MAGNUS THE RED: None
THOUSAND SONS MAULERFIEND: This model’s lasher tendrils can be replaced with 2 magma cutters.
MUTALITH VORTEX BEAST: None
RUBRIC MARINES: The Aspiring Sorcerer’s inferno bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 warpflame pistol | Any number of Rubric Marines can each have their inferno boltgun replaced with 1 warpflamer. | 1 Rubric Marine’s inferno boltgun can be replaced with 1 soulreaper cannon. | 1 Rubric Marine can be equipped with 1 icon of flame. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Battleline, Chaos, Tzeentch, Rubric Marines | ASPIRING SORCERER: Psyker
SCARAB OCCULT TERMINATORS: The Scarab Occult Sorcerer’s inferno combi-bolter can be replaced with 1 Prosperine khopesh. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Scarab Occult Terminator’s inferno combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy warpflamer ; 1 soulreaper cannon | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Scarab Occult Terminator can be equipped with 1 hellfyre missile rack. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Terminator, Chaos, Tzeentch, Scarab Occult Terminators | SCARAB OCCULT SORCERER: Psyker
THOUSAND SONS SORCERER: This model’s inferno bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 warpflame pistol
THOUSAND SONS SORCERER IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s inferno combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 inferno combi-weapon ; 1 Prosperine khopesh
THOUSAND SONS CULTISTS: For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Thousand Sons Cultist’s Cultist firearm can be replaced with 1 flamer. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Thousand Sons Cultist’s Cultist firearm can be replaced with 1 heavy stubber. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Thousand Sons Cultist’s Cultist Firearm can be replaced with 1 grenade launcher.
THOUSAND SONS DAEMON PRINCE: None
THOUSAND SONS DAEMON PRINCE WITH WINGS: None
TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED: Any number of models can each have their divining spear replaced with one of the following: 1 autopistol and 1 chainsword ; 1 fatecaster greatbow and 1 close combat weapon
TZAANGOR SHAMAN: None
TZAANGORS: Any number of models can each have their Tzaangor blades replaced with: 1 autopistol and 1 chainsword | 1 Tzaangor not equipped with a herd banner can be equipped with 1 brayhorn. | 1 Tzaangor not equipped with a brayhorn can be equipped with 1 herd banner.

[Tyranids]
WINGED HIVE TYRANT: This model’s monstrous bonesword and lash whip can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy venom cannon ; 1 stranglethorn cannon ; 1 monstrous scything talons
HIVE TYRANT: This model’s monstrous bonesword and lash whip can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy venom cannon ; 1 stranglethorn cannon ; 1 monstrous scything talons | This model’s monstrous scything talons can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy venom cannon* ; 1 stranglethorn cannon* * This model cannot be equipped with both a stranglethorn cannon and a heavy venom cannon. This model cannot be equipped with more than 1 heavy venom cannon, and it cannot be equipped with more than 1 stranglethorn cannon.
THE SWARMLORD: None
BROODLORD: None
WINGED TYRANID PRIME: None
TERVIGON: This model’s massive scything talons can be replaced with 1 massive crushing claws.
OLD ONE EYE: None
TYRANID WARRIORS WITH RANGED BIO-WEAPONS: Any number of models can each have their devourer replaced with one of the following: 1 deathspitter ; 1 spinefists | For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model’s devourer can be replaced with 1 barbed strangler. | For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model’s devourer can be replaced with 1 venom cannon.
TYRANID WARRIORS WITH MELEE BIO-WEAPONS: None
TERMAGANTS: All models in this unit can each have their fleshborer replaced with 1 Termagant devourer. | All models in this unit can each have their fleshborer replaced with 1 Termagant spinefists.
HORMAGAUNTS: None
GARGOYLES: None
TOXICRENE: None
TYRANT GUARD: Any number of models can each have their scything talons and rending claws replaced with one of the following: 1 bone cleaver, lash whip and rending claws ; 1 crushing claws and rending claws
NEUROTYRANT: None
LICTOR: None
DEATHLEAPER: None
MALECEPTOR: None
PYROVORES: None
HARUSPEX: None
VENOMTHROPES: None
VON RYAN’S LEAPERS: None
NEUROGAUNTS: None
ZOANTHROPES: None
GENESTEALERS: None
RAVENERS: Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 thoracic bio-weapon.
RIPPER SWARMS: All models in this unit can each be equipped with 1 spinemaws.
PARASITE OF MORTREX: None
MAWLOC: None
TRYGON: None
MUCOLID SPORES: None
SPORE MINES: None
EXOCRINE: None
BIOVORES: None
CARNIFEXES: Any number of models can each have their Carnifex extra scything talons replaced with one of the following: 1 deathspitters with slimer maggots ; 1 devourers with brainleech worms ; 1 heavy venom cannon ; 1 stranglethorn cannon ; 1 Carnifex crushing claws | Any number of models can each have their Carnifex scything talons replaced with one of the following: 1 deathspitters with slimer maggots ; 1 devourers with brainleech worms ; 1 Carnifex crushing claws | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 bio-plasma. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 spine banks.
SCREAMER-KILLER: None
HIVE GUARD: Any number of models can each have their shockcannon replaced with 1 impaler cannon.
TYRANNOFEX: This model’s fleshborer hive can be replaced with one of the following: 1 acid spray ; 1 rupture cannon
TYRANNOCYTE: None
HIVE CRONE: None
HARPY: This model’s twin stranglethorn cannon can be replaced with 1 twin heavy venom cannon.
SPOROCYST: None
PSYCHOPHAGE: None
BARBGAUNTS: None

[World Eaters]
ANGRON: None
KHÂRN THE BETRAYER: None
LORD INVOCATUS: None
WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE: None
WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE WITH WINGS: None
WORLD EATERS LORD ON JUGGERNAUT: None
WORLD EATERS MASTER OF EXECUTIONS: None
KHORNE BERZERKERS: The Khorne Berzerker Champion’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Khorne Berzerker’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Khorne Berzerker’s Berzerker chainblade can be replaced with 1 Khornate eviscerator. | 1 model can be equipped with 1 icon of Khorne.
JAKHALS: For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Jakhal’s Jakhal chainblades can be replaced with 1 mauler chainblade. | Any number of Dishonoured models can each have their Dishonoured chainblades replaced with 1 skullsmasher. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Jakhal can be equipped with 1 icon of Khorne.
WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 World Eaters Terminator’s combi-bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy flamer ; 1 reaper autocannon | Any number of models can each have their combi-bolter replaced with 1 combi-weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s combi-bolter and accursed weapon can be replaced with 1 paired accursed weapons. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 3 models can each have their accursed weapon replaced with 1 power fist. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s accursed weapon can be replaced with 1 chainfist.
EIGHTBOUND: The Eightbound Champion’s lacerators can be replaced with 1 heavy chainglaive.
EXALTED EIGHTBOUND: The Exalted Eightbound Champion’s Eightbound eviscerator and Eightbound chainfist can be replaced with one of the following: 1 paired Eightbound chainfists ; 1 heavy chainglaive
WORLD EATERS LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
WORLD EATERS PREDATOR ANNIHILATOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
WORLD EATERS PREDATOR DESTRUCTOR: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
WORLD EATERS DEFILER: This model’s twin heavy flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 havoc launcher ; 1 Defiler scourge | This model’s reaper autocannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon
WORLD EATERS FORGEFIEND: This model’s 2 Hades autocannons can be replaced with 2 ectoplasma cannons. | This model’s Forgefiend jaws can be replaced with 1 ectoplasma cannon and 1 Forgefiend claws.
WORLD EATERS HELBRUTE: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute plasma cannon ; 1 twin autocannon ; 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 Helbrute fist | This model’s missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Helbrute fist ; 1 Helbrute hammer ; 1 power scourge | For each Helbrute fist this model is equipped with, it can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-bolter ; 1 heavy flamer
WORLD EATERS HELDRAKE: This model’s Hades autocannon can be replaced with 1 baleflamer.
WORLD EATERS MAULERFIEND: This model’s lasher tendrils can be replaced with 2 magma cutters.
WORLD EATERS RHINO: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 additional combi-bolter ; 1 combi-weapon | This model can be equipped with 1 havoc launcher.
WORLD EATERS CHAOS SPAWN: None
KHORNE LORD OF SKULLS: This model’s gorestorm cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 daemongore cannon ; 1 ichor cannon | This model’s Hades gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 skullhurler.

[Aeldari]
ASURMEN: None
AUTARCH: This model’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 death spinner ; 1 Dragon fusion gun ; 1 Reaper launcher | This model’s star glaive can be replaced with 1 Scorpion chainsword. | This model can be equipped with 1 Howling Banshee mask. | If this model is not equipped with 1 Howling Banshee mask, this model’s shuriken pistol and star glaive can be replaced with all of the following: 1 fusion pistol ; 1 Banshee blade ; 1 mandiblasters
AUTARCH WAYLEAPER: This model’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 death spinner ; 1 Dragon fusion gun ; 1 Reaper launcher | This model’s star glaive can be replaced with 1 Scorpion chainsword. | This model can be equipped with 1 Howling Banshee mask. | If this model is not equipped with 1 Howling Banshee mask, this model’s shuriken pistol and star glaive can be replaced with all of the following: 1 fusion pistol ; 1 Banshee blade ; 1 mandiblasters
AUTARCH SKYRUNNER: This model’s laser lance can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Dragon fusion gun ; 1 Banshee blade
AVATAR OF KHAINE: None
BAHARROTH: None
CORSAIR VOIDREAVERS: The Voidreaver Felarch’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 neuro disruptor ; 1 shuriken rifle | The Voidreaver Felarch can be equipped with: 1 mistshield | All of the Corsair Voidreavers in this unit can each have their shuriken pistol and Aeldari power sword replaced with 1 shuriken rifle. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Corsair Voidreaver’s Aeldari power sword or shuriken rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Corsair blaster ; 1 Corsair shredder | If this unit contains 10 models, 1 Corsair Voidreaver’s shuriken rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 wraithcannon
CORSAIR VOIDSCARRED: If this unit contains 10 models, 1 Corsair Voidscarred’s shuriken rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 wraithcannon | Any number of Corsair Voidscarred can each have their shuriken pistol and Aeldari power sword replaced with 1 shuriken rifle. | The Voidscarred Felarch’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 neuro disruptor ; 1 shuriken rifle | If this unit contains 10 models, 1 Corsair Voidscarred’s shuriken rifle can be replaced with 1 Ranger long rifle. | The Voidscarred Felarch can be equipped with 1 mistshield. | If this unit contains 10 models, 1 Corsair Voidscarred’s Aeldari power sword can be replaced with 1 fusion pistol. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Corsair Voidscarred’s shuriken rifle can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Corsair blaster ; 1 Corsair shredder | 1 Corsair Voidscarred model equipped with a shuriken pistol and Aeldari power sword can be equipped with 1 Faolchú. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Grenades, Anhrathe, Corsair Voidscarred | WAY SEEKER: Psyker
CRIMSON HUNTER: This model’s 2 starcannons can be replaced with 2 bright lances.
DARK REAPERS: The Dark Reaper Exarch’s Reaper launcher can be replaced with 1 of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 tempest launcher
DEATH JESTER: None
DIRE AVENGERS: The Dire Avenger Exarch’s Avenger shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken pistol and one of the following: 1 diresword ; 1 power glaive | If this unit’s Dire Avenger Exarch is equipped with 1 Avenger shuriken catapult, it can be equipped with 1 additional Avenger shuriken catapult. | The Dire Avenger Exarch’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with: 1 shimmershield
ELDRAD ULTHRAN: None
FALCON: This model’s scatter laser can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 bright lance ; 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 starcannon | This model’s twin shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken cannon.
FARSEER: This model’s witchblade can be replaced with 1 singing spear.
FARSEER SKYRUNNER: This model’s witchblade can be replaced with 1 singing spear.
FIRE DRAGONS: The Fire Dragon Exarch’s Dragon fusion gun can be replaced with 1 of the following: 1 Dragon’s breath flamer ; 1 firepike
FIRE PRISM: This model’s twin shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken cannon.
FUEGAN: None
GUARDIAN DEFENDERS: The Heavy Weapon Platform can replace its shuriken cannon with one of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 bright lance ; 1 scatter laser ; 1 starcannon
HEMLOCK WRAITHFIGHTER: None
HOWLING BANSHEES: The Howling Banshee Exarch’s Banshee blade can be replaced with 1 of the following: 1 executioner ; 1 triskele | The Howling Banshee Exarch’s shuriken pistol and Banshee blade can be replaced with 1 mirrorswords.
ILLIC NIGHTSPEAR: None
JAIN ZAR: None
KARANDRAS: None
MAUGAN RA: None
NIGHT SPINNER: This model’s twin shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken cannon.
PRINCE YRIEL: None
RANGERS: None
SHADOWSEER: This model’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with 1 neuro disruptor.
SHINING SPEARS: The Shining Spear Exarch’s laser lance can be replaced with one of the following: 1 paragon sabre ; 1 star lance | The Shining Spear Exarch’s twin shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken cannon. | The Shining Spear Exarch can be equipped with 1 shimmershield.
SHROUD RUNNERS: None
SKYWEAVERS: Any number of models can each have their shuriken cannon replaced with 1 Skyweaver haywire cannon. | Any number of models can each have their star bolas replaced with 1 zephyrglaive.
SOLITAIRE: None
SPIRITSEER: None
STARWEAVER: None
STORM GUARDIANS: Up to 2 Storm Guardians can each have their shuriken pistol and Guardian combat weapon replaced with 1 Aeldari flamer. | Up to 2 Storm Guardians can each have their shuriken pistol and Guardian combat weapon replaced with 1 Guardian fusion gun. | Up to 2 Storm Guardians can each have their Guardian combat weapon replaced with 1 Aeldari power sword.
STRIKING SCORPIONS: The Striking Scorpion Exarch’s Scorpion chainsword can be replaced with 1 Scorpion’s claw. | The Striking Scorpion Exarch’s shuriken pistol and Scorpion chainsword can be replaced with 1 biting blade.
SUPPORT WEAPONS: Any number of models can each have their shadow weaver replaced with one of the following: 1 D-cannon ; 1 vibro cannon
SWOOPING HAWKS: The Swooping Hawk Exarch’s lasblaster can be replaced with 1 Hawk’s talon. | The Swooping Hawk Exarch can be equipped with 1 Aeldari power sword.
THE VISARCH: None
THE YNCARNE: None
TROUPE: Any number of models can each have their Harlequin’s blade replaced with 1 Harlequin’s special weapon. | The Lead Player’s Harlequin’s blade can be replaced with 1 Aeldari power sword. | If this unit contains 10 or fewer models: Up to two models can each have their shuriken pistol replaced with 1 neuro disruptor ; Up to two models can each have their shuriken pistol replaced with 1 fusion pistol | If this unit contains 11 or more models: Up to four models can each have their shuriken pistol replaced with 1 neuro disruptor ; Up to four models can each have their shuriken pistol replaced with 1 fusion pistol
TROUPE MASTER: This model’s shuriken pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 fusion pistol ; 1 neuro disruptor | This model’s Troupe Master’s blade can be replaced with 1 Harlequin’s special weapon.
VOIDWEAVER: This model’s Voidweaver haywire cannon can be replaced with 1 prismatic cannon.
VYPERS: Any number of models can each have their shuriken cannon replaced with one of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 bright lance ; 1 scatter laser ; 1 starcannon
WAR WALKERS: Each model can have each shuriken cannon it is equipped with replaced with one of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 bright lance ; 1 scatter laser ; 1 starcannon
WARLOCK SKYRUNNER: This model’s witchblade can be replaced with 1 singing spear.
WARLOCK: This model’s witchblade can be replaced with 1 singing spear.
WARP SPIDERS: The Warp Spider Exarch can be equipped with 1 additional death spinner and 1 powerblades.
WAVE SERPENT: This model’s twin shuriken cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 twin bright lance ; 1 twin scatter laser ; 1 twin starcannon | This model’s twin shuriken catapult can be replaced with 1 shuriken cannon.
WEBWAY GATE: None
WINDRIDERS: Any number of models can each have their twin shuriken catapult replaced with one of the following: 1 scatter laser ; 1 shuriken cannon
WRAITHBLADES: All of the models in this unit can each have their ghostswords replaced with 1 ghostaxe and 1 forceshield.
WRAITHGUARD: All of the models in this unit can each have their wraithcannon replaced with 1 D-scythe.
WRAITHKNIGHT: This model’s titanic ghostglaive can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy wraithcannon ; 1 suncannon | This model’s scattershield can be replaced with 1 heavy wraithcannon. | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following: 1 scatter laser ; 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 starcannon
WRAITHLORD: Each of this model’s shuriken catapults can be replaced with 1 Aeldari flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 ghostglaive. | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following: 1 Aeldari missile launcher ; 1 bright lance ; 1 scatter laser ; 1 shuriken cannon ; 1 starcannon
YVRAINE: None
WARLOCK SKYRUNNER CONCLAVE: Any number of models can each have their witchblade replaced with 1 singing spear.
WARLOCK CONCLAVE: Any number of models can each have their witchblade replaced with 1 singing spear.

[Astra Militarum]
LORD SOLAR LEONTUS: None
URSULA CREED: None
CADIAN CASTELLAN: This model’s chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon | This model’s laspistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 plasma pistol
TANK COMMANDER: 
PLATOON COMMAND SQUAD: Any number of Veteran Guardsmen can each have their lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 heavy flamer*** ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 sniper rifle ; 1 chainsword | The Platoon Commander’s laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:*** ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol | The Platoon Commander can be equipped with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon * Excluding the chainsword, you cannot select the same weapon from this list more than once per unit. | The Veteran Heavy Weapons Team’s heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following:*** ; 1 autocannon ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 mortar | 1 Veteran Guardsman equipped with a lasgun or chainsword can be equipped with 1 master vox.** | 1 Veteran Guardsman equipped with a lasgun or chainsword can be equipped with 1 medi-pack.** | 1 Veteran Guardsman equipped with a lasgun or chainsword can be equipped with 1 regimental standard.** ** * The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card. ** A model can only take one of these options, and if it does so its lasgun cannot be replaced. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Grenades, Platoon, Command Squad | PLATOON COMMANDER: Character, Officer
CADIAN COMMAND SQUAD: 1 Cadian Veteran Guardsman’s laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | 1 Cadian Veteran Guardsman’s lasgun and regimental standard can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | The Cadian Commander’s laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | 1 Cadian Veteran Guardsman’s chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon | The Cadian Commander’s chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon * The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Grenades, Cadian, Command Squad | CADIAN COMMANDER: Character, Officer
‘IRON HAND’ STRAKEN: None
PRIMARIS PSYKER: None
GAUNT’S GHOSTS: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Grenades, Gaunt’s Ghosts | IBRAM GAUNT: Character, Epic Hero, Officer
REGIMENTAL ATTACHÉS: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Regimental Attachés | ASTROPATH: Psyker
OGRYN BODYGUARD: This model’s ripper gun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 grenadier gauntlet ; 1 Bullgryn maul | This model’s huge knife can be replaced with one of the following: 1 brute shield ; 1 slabshield
NORK DEDDOG: None
INFANTRY SQUAD: Each Sergeant’s laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Guardsman’s lasgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 sniper rifle | Each Heavy Weapons Team’s heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 autocannon ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 mortar | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Guardsman equipped with a lasgun can be equipped with 1 vox-caster (that model’s lasgun cannot be replaced). | Each Sergeant’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainsword ; 1 power weapon * The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card.
CADIAN SHOCK TROOPS: For every 10 models in this unit, up to 2 Shock Troopers can each have their lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Shock Trooper equipped with a lasgun can be equipped with 1 vox-caster (that model’s lasgun cannot be replaced). | Any number of Shock Trooper Sergeants can each have their laspistol replaced with 1 bolt pistol. | Any number of Shock Trooper Sergeants can each have their laspistol and chainsword replaced with 1 drum-fed autogun and 1 close combat weapon. * You cannot select the same weapon more than once per unit unless it contains 20 models, in which case you cannot select the same weapon more than twice per unit.
DEATH KORPS OF KRIEG: Any number of Death Korps Watchmasters can each have their laspistol replaced with one of the following:** ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol | For every 10 models in this unit, up to 2 Death Korps Troopers can each have their lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 meltagun ; 1 sniper rifle * You cannot select the same weapon more than once per unit unless it contains 20 models, in which case you cannot select the same weapon more than twice per unit. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Death Korps Trooper equipped with a lasgun can be equipped with one of the following: 1 vox-caster (that model’s lasgun cannot be replaced) ; 1 plasma gun ** The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card. | Any number of Death Korps Watchmasters can replace their chainsword with 1 power weapon.
CATACHAN JUNGLE FIGHTERS: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Jungle Fighter’s lasgun can be replaced with 1 flamer. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Jungle Fighter equipped with a lasgun can be equipped with 1 vox-caster (that model’s lasgun cannot be replaced).
SLY MARBO: None
KASRKIN: The Kasrkin Sergeant’s chainsword can be replaced with 1 power weapon. | Up to 4 Kasrkin Troopers can each have their hot-shot lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 hot-shot volley gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | The Kasrkin Sergeant’s hot-shot laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:** ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 plasma pistol * You cannot select the same weapon from this list more than twice per unit. | 1 Kasrkin Trooper’s hot-shot lasgun can be replaced with 1 hot-shot marksman rifle. ** The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card. | 1 Kasrkin Trooper’s hot-shot lasgun can be replaced with 1 hot-shot laspistol and 1 melta mine. | 1 Kasrkin Trooper equipped with a hot-shot lasgun can be equipped with 1 vox-caster (that model’s hot-shot lasgun cannot be replaced).
REGIMENTAL PREACHER: This model’s power weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 autogun and 1 chainsword ; 1 Preacher shotgun and 1 chainsword
SERGEANT HARKER: None
REGIMENTAL ENGINSEER: None
MUNITORUM SERVITORS: Up to 2 models can each have their Servitor’s servo-arm replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 plasma cannon
COMMISSAR: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | This model’s chainsword can be replaced with 1 power weapon.
OGRYN SQUAD: None
BULLGRYN SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their grenadier gauntlet replaced with 1 Bullgryn maul. | Any number of models can each have their slabshield replaced with 1 brute shield.
RATLING SNIPERS: None
ATTILAN ROUGH RIDERS: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model’s hunting lance can be replaced with 1 goad lance. | The Rough Rider Sergeant can be equipped with 1 power sabre.
SCOUT SENTINELS: Any number of models can each have their Militarum multi-laser replaced with one of the following: 1 autocannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 plasma cannon | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 Sentinel chainsaw. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
ARMOURED SENTINELS: Any number of models can each have their Militarum multi-laser replaced with one of the following: 1 autocannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 plasma cannon | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 Sentinel chainsaw. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
HELLHOUND: This model’s inferno cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chem cannon ; 1 melta cannon | This model’s heavy flamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
ROGAL DORN BATTLE TANK: This model’s twin battle cannon can be replaced with 1 oppressor cannon and 1 co-axial autocannon. | This model’s castigator gatling cannon can be replaced with 1 pulveriser cannon. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 meltaguns ; 2 additional heavy stubbers | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 multi-meltas
HEAVY WEAPONS SQUAD: Any number of models can each have their heavy bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 autocannon ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 mortar
FIELD ORDNANCE BATTERY: Any number of models can each have their malleus rocket launcher replaced with one of the following: 1 bombast field gun ; 1 heavy lascannon
LEMAN RUSS BATTLE TANK: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS DEMOLISHER: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS VANQUISHER: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS PUNISHER: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS EXECUTIONER: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS EXTERMINATOR: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
LEMAN RUSS ERADICATOR: This model’s lascannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers ; 2 multi-meltas ; 2 plasma cannons | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
BASILISK: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
HYDRA: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
MANTICORE: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
WYVERN: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
DEATHSTRIKE: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
CHIMERA: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model’s Chimera multi-laser can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Chimera heavy bolter ; 1 Chimera heavy flamer | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 heavy stubber ; 1 storm bolter | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
TAUROX: This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
VALKYRIE: This model’s Militarum multi-laser can be replaced with 1 lascannon. | This model’s hellstrike missiles can be replaced with 2 multiple rocket pods. | This model can be equipped with 2 heavy bolters.
AEGIS DEFENCE LINE: None
BANEBLADE: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
BANEHAMMER: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
BANESWORD: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
DOOMHAMMER: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
HELLHAMMER: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
SHADOWSWORD: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
STORMLORD: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
STORMSWORD: This model’s 2 twin heavy flamers can be replaced with 2 twin heavy bolters. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 lascannons and 2 twin heavy flamers
MILITARUM TEMPESTUS COMMAND SQUAD: 1 Tempestus Scion’s hot-shot lasgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 hot-shot laspistol and 1 medi-pack ; 1 hot-shot lasgun, 1 hot-shot laspistol and 1 medi-pack** | Any number of Tempestus Scions can each have their hot-shot lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 hot-shot volley gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun | The Tempestor Prime’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 command rod | 1 Tempestus Scion equipped with a hot-shot lasgun can be equipped with 1 regimental standard.** * You cannot select the same weapon from this list more than once per unit. ** That model’s hot-shot lasgun cannot be replaced. | 1 Tempestus Scion’s hot-shot lasgun can be replaced with 1 hot-shot laspistol and 1 master vox. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Imperium, Grenades, Regiment, Militarum Tempestus, Command Squad | TEMPESTOR PRIME: Character, Officer
TEMPESTUS SCIONS: The Tempestor’s hot-shot laspistol can be replaced with one of the following:** ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | For every 5 models in this unit, up to two Tempestus Scions can each have their hot-shot lasgun replaced with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grenade launcher ; 1 hot-shot volley gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun * You cannot select the same weapon from this list more than once per unit, unless this unit contains 10 models, in which case you cannot select the same weapon more than twice per unit. ** The profiles of these weapons can be found on the Astra Militarum Infantry Armoury card. | 1 Tempestus Scion’s hot-shot lasgun can be replaced with 1 hot-shot laspistol and 1 vox-caster. | The Tempestor’s chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon
TAUROX PRIME: This model’s Taurox battle cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Taurox gatling cannon ; 1 Taurox missile launcher | This model’s twin Taurox hot-shot volley gun can be replaced with 1 twin autocannon. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.

[Chaos Daemons]
SKARBRAND: None
BLOODTHIRSTER: This model’s great axe of Khorne can be replaced with 1 axe of Khorne and one of the following: 1 bloodflail ; 1 lash of Khorne
SKULLTAKER: None
BLOODMASTER: None
SKULLMASTER: None
RENDMASTER ON BLOOD THRONE: None
KARANAK: None
BLOODLETTERS: 1 Bloodletter that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Bloodletter that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
BLOODCRUSHERS: 1 Bloodcrusher that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Bloodcrusher that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
FLESH HOUNDS: None
SKULL CANNON: None
SKULL ALTAR: None
KAIROS FATEWEAVER: None
LORD OF CHANGE: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 rod of sorcery ; 1 baleful sword
THE CHANGELING: None
FATESKIMMER: None
FLUXMASTER: None
THE BLUE SCRIBES: None
CHANGECASTER: None
BLUE HORRORS: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Battleline, Chaos, Daemon, Tzeentch, Horrors | BLUE HORRORS: Blue | BRIMSTONE HORRORS: Brimstone
PINK HORRORS: 1 Pink Horror that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Pink Horror that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon. KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Battleline, Chaos, Daemon, Tzeentch, Horrors | PINK HORRORS: Pink |BLUE HORRORS: Blue | BRIMSTONE HORRORS: Brimstone
FLAMERS: None
EXALTED FLAMER: None
SCREAMERS: None
BURNING CHARIOT: None
ROTIGUS: None
GREAT UNCLEAN ONE: This model’s plague flail can be replaced with 1 bileblade. | This model’s bilesword can be replaced with 1 doomsday bell.
POXBRINGER: None
SPOILPOX SCRIVENER: None
EPIDEMIUS: None
SLOPPITY BILEPIPER: None
HORTICULOUS SLIMUX: None
PLAGUEBEARERS: 1 Plaguebearer that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Plaguebearer that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
NURGLINGS: None
BEASTS OF NURGLE: None
PLAGUE DRONES: 1 Plague Drone that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Plague Drone that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
FECULENT GNARLMAW: None
SHALAXI HELBANE: None
KEEPER OF SECRETS: This model can be equipped with one of the following: Living whip ; Ritual knife ; Shining aegis
INFERNAL ENRAPTURESS: None
THE MASQUE OF SLAANESH: None
SYLL’ESSKE: None
CONTORTED EPITOME: None
TORMENTBRINGER ON EXALTED SEEKER CHARIOT: None
TRANCEWEAVER: None
DAEMONETTES: 1 Daemonette that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Daemonette that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
FIENDS: None
SEEKERS: 1 Seeker that is not equipped with a daemonic icon can be equipped with 1 instrument of Chaos. | 1 Seeker that is not equipped with an instrument of Chaos can be equipped with 1 daemonic icon.
HELLFLAYER: None
SEEKER CHARIOT: None
EXALTED SEEKER CHARIOT: None
BE’LAKOR: None
SOUL GRINDER: This model’s warpsword can be replaced with 1 warpclaw.
DAEMON PRINCE OF CHAOS: None
DAEMON PRINCE OF CHAOS WITH WINGS: None

[Genestealer Cults]
ABERRANTS: The Aberrant Hypermorph’s heavy power weapon can be replaced with 1 heavy improvised weapon.
ABOMINANT: None
ACHILLES RIDGERUNNERS: Any number of models can each have their heavy mining laser replaced with one of the following: 1 achilles missile launcher ; 1 heavy mortar | Any number of models can each have their flare launcher replaced with one of the following: 1 spotter ; 1 survey augur
ACOLYTE HYBRIDS: Any number of models can each have their autopistol replaced with 1 hand flamer. | One Acolyte Hybrid’s autopistol can be replaced with 1 cult icon. | For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Acolyte Hybrids can each have their autopistol and cult claws and knife replaced with one of the following: 1 demolition charges and 1 cult claws and knife ; 1 heavy mining tool | The Acolyte Leader’s cult claws and knife can be replaced with 1 Leader’s cult weapons.
ACOLYTE ICONWARD: None
ATALAN JACKALS: Any number of Atalan Jackals can each replace their close combat weapon with 1 Atalan power weapon. | For every 4 Atalan Jackals in this unit, 1 Atalan Jackal’s Atalan small arms can be replaced with 1 grenade launcher. | Any number of Atalan Wolfquads can each have their heavy stubber replaced with one of the following: 1 Atalan incinerator ; 1 mining laser
BIOPHAGUS: This model can be equipped with 1 alchemicus familiar.
CLAMAVUS: None
GOLIATH ROCKGRINDER: This model’s heavy mining laser can be replaced with one of the following: 1 clearance incinerator ; 1 heavy seismic cannon
GOLIATH TRUCK: None
HYBRID METAMORPHS: Any number of models can each have their autopistol replaced with 1 hand flamer. | One Hybrid Metamorph’s autopistol can be replaced with 1 cult icon.
JACKAL ALPHUS: None
KELERMORPH: None
LOCUS: None
MAGUS: None
NEOPHYTE HYBRIDS: The Neophyte Leader’s Hybrid firearm and close combat weapon can be replaced with 1 of the following: 1 Leader pistol and 1 chainsword ; 1 Leader pistol and 1 power weapon | One Neophyte Hybrid equipped with a Hybrid firearm can be equipped with 1 cult icon. | For every 10 models in this unit, up to 2 Neophyte Hybrids can each have their Hybrid firearm replaced with one of the following: Heavy stubber ; Mining laser ; Seismic cannon | For every 10 models in this unit, up to 2 Neophyte Hybrids can each have their Hybrid firearm replaced with one of the following: Flamer ; Grenade launcher ; Webber
NEXOS: None
PATRIARCH: None
PRIMUS: None
PURESTRAIN GENESTEALERS: None
REDUCTUS SABOTEUR: None
SANCTUS: This model’s Sanctus bio-dagger can be replaced with 1 cult sniper rifle and 1 close combat weapon.

[Grey Knights]
KALDOR DRAIGO: None
GRAND MASTER VOLDUS: None
GRAND MASTER: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator ; 1 psilencer ; 1 psycannon
GRAND MASTER IN NEMESIS DREADKNIGHT: This model’s dreadfists can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Nemesis daemon greathammer ; 1 Nemesis greatsword | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, but cannot take duplicates: 1 gatling psilencer ; 1 heavy incinerator ; 1 heavy psycannon
CASTELLAN CROWE: None
BROTHER-CAPTAIN STERN: None
BROTHER-CAPTAIN: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator ; 1 psilencer ; 1 psycannon
BROTHERHOOD CHAMPION: None
BROTHERHOOD LIBRARIAN: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 storm bolter
BROTHERHOOD TECHMARINE: This model’s boltgun can be replaced with 1 bolt pistol.
BROTHERHOOD CHAPLAIN: None
BROTHERHOOD TERMINATOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Brotherhood Terminator’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator ; 1 psilencer ; 1 psycannon | 1 Brotherhood Terminator equipped with a storm bolter can be equipped with 1 Ancient’s banner.* | 1 Brotherhood Terminator can have its storm bolter replaced with 1 narthecium.* *You cannot select both of these options for the same model.
STRIKE SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Grey Knight’s storm bolter and Nemesis force weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psilencer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psycannon and 1 close combat weapon
PALADIN SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Paladins can each have their storm bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator ; 1 psilencer ; 1 psycannon | 1 Paladin equipped with a storm bolter and Nemesis force weapon can be equipped with 1 Ancient’s banner. That model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator ; 1 psilencer ; 1 psycannon
PURIFIER SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, up to 2 Purifiers can each have their storm bolter and Nemesis force weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psilencer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psycannon and 1 close combat weapon
SERVITORS: Up to 2 models can each have their Servitor’s servo-arm replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter and 1 Servitor’s tools ; 1 multi-melta and 1 Servitor’s tools ; 1 plasma cannon and 1 Servitor’s tools
GREY KNIGHTS VENERABLE DREADNOUGHT: This model’s assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy plasma cannon ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 twin lascannon | This model’s storm bolter and Dreadnought combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 missile launcher and 1 armoured feet ; 1 heavy flamer and 1 Dreadnought combat weapon
INTERCEPTOR SQUAD: For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Interceptor’s storm bolter and Nemesis force weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psilencer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psycannon and 1 close combat weapon
PURGATION SQUAD: Up to 4 Purgators can each have their storm bolter and Nemesis force weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 incinerator and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psilencer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 psycannon and 1 close combat weapon
NEMESIS DREADKNIGHT: This model’s dreadfists can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Nemesis daemon greathammer ; 1 Nemesis greatsword | This model can be equipped with up to two of the following, but cannot take duplicates: 1 gatling psilencer ; 1 heavy incinerator ; 1 heavy psycannon
GREY KNIGHTS LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
GREY KNIGHTS LAND RAIDER CRUSADER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
GREY KNIGHTS LAND RAIDER REDEEMER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 multi-melta. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
GREY KNIGHTS RHINO: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 additional storm bolter.
GREY KNIGHTS RAZORBACK: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter. | This model’s twin heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin assault cannon ; 1 twin lascannon
GREY KNIGHTS STORMHAWK INTERCEPTOR: This model’s las-talon can be replaced with 1 icarus stormcannon. | This model’s skyhammer missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 typhoon missile launcher
GREY KNIGHTS STORMTALON GUNSHIP: This model’s skyhammer missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin lascannon ; 1 typhoon missile launcher
GREY KNIGHTS STORMRAVEN GUNSHIP: This model can be equipped with 2 hurricane bolters. | This model’s twin assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy plasma cannon ; 1 twin lascannon | This model’s typhoon missile launcher can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin multi-melta

[Orks]
BATTLEWAGON: This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 kannon ; 1 killkannon ; 1 zzap gun | This model can be equipped with: 1 lobba | This model can be equipped with up to 4 big shootas. | This model’s tracks and wheels can be replaced with 1 deff rolla. | This model can be equipped with any of the following: 1 ’ard case ; 1 grabbin’ klaw ; 1 wreckin’ ball
BEAST SNAGGA BOYZ: For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Beast Snagga Boy’s slugga and choppa can be replaced with 1 thump gun and 1 close combat weapon.
BEASTBOSS: None
BEASTBOSS ON SQUIGOSAUR: This model can be equipped with 1 thump gun.
BIG MEK IN MEGA ARMOUR: This model’s kustom-mega blasta can be replaced with one of the following: 1 killsaw ; 1 kombi-weapon ; 1 kustom shoota | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 tellyport blasta ; 1 kustom force field | This model can be equipped with 1 grot oiler.
BIG MEK WITH KUSTOM FORCE FIELD: This model can be equipped with 1 grot helper.
BIG MEK WITH SHOKK ATTACK GUN: This model can be equipped with 1 grot assistant.
BIG’ED BOSSBUNKA: This model can be equipped with up to 3 additional big shootas.
BLITZA-BOMMER: None
BOOMDAKKA SNAZZWAGON: None
BOSS SNIKROT: None
BOSS ZAGSTRUK: None
BOYZ: Any number of Boyz can each have their slugga and choppa replaced with 1 shoota and 1 close combat weapon. | The Boss Nob’s big choppa can be replaced with 1 power klaw. | The Boss Nob’s big choppa and slugga can be replaced with 1 kombi-weapon and 1 close combat weapon. | For every 10 models in this unit, 1 Boy’s choppa and slugga can be replaced with one of the following: 1 big shoota and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 rokkit launcha and 1 close combat weapon
BURNA BOYZ: Any number of Spanners can each have their big shoota replaced with one of the following: 1 kustom mega-blasta ; 1 rokkit launcha
BURNA-BOMMER: This model can be equipped with 1 skorcha missile rack.
DAKKAJET: This model can be equipped with 1 additional twin supa-shoota.
DEFF DREAD: This model’s big shootas can each be replaced with one of the following: 1 dread klaw ; 1 kustom-mega blasta ; 1 rokkit launcha ; 1 skorcha | This model’s dread klaws can each be replaced with one of the following: 1 big shoota ; 1 kustom-mega blasta ; 1 rokkit launcha ; 1 skorcha
DEFFKILLA WARTRIKE: None
DEFFKOPTAS: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 Deffkopta can have its kopta rokkits replaced with 1 kustom mega-blasta.
FLASH GITZ: This unit can be equipped with 1 ammo runt.
GHAZGHKULL THRAKA: None
GORKANAUT: None
GRETCHIN: None
HUNTA RIG: None
KAPTIN BADRUKK: None
KILL RIG: None
KILLA KANS: Each Killa Kan’s Kan shoota can be replaced with one of the following: 1 grotzooka ; 1 rokkit launcha ; 1 skorcha
KOMMANDOS: The Boss Nob’s choppa can be replaced with one of the following: 1 big choppa ; 1 power klaw | Up to 2 Kommandos can each have their slugga and choppa replaced with 1 speshul Kommando shoota and 1 close combat weapon. | 1 Kommando’s slugga and choppa can be replaced with 1 breacha ram. | 1 Kommando’s slugga and choppa can be replaced with 1 burna and 1 close combat weapon. | 1 Kommando’s slugga and choppa can be replaced with 1 rokkit launcha and 1 close combat weapon. | This unit can be equipped with 1 bomb squig. | This unit can be equipped with 1 distraction grot.
KUSTOM BOOSTA-BLASTA: None
LOOTAS: Any number of Spanners can each have their big shoota replaced with one of the following: 1 kustom mega-blasta ; 1 rokkit launcha
MAD DOK GROTSNIK: None
MEGANOBZ: Any number of models can each have their kustom shoota and power klaw replaced with one of the following: 1 kombi-weapon and 1 power klaw ; 1 kombi-weapon and 1 killsaw ; 1 kustom shoota and 1 killsaw ; 1 killsaw and 1 power klaw ; 1 twin killsaw
MEGATRAKK SCRAPJET: None
MEK: This model’s wrench can be replaced with 1 killsaw.
MEK GUNZ: Each model’s smasha gun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bubblechukka ; 1 kustom mega-kannon ; 1 traktor kannon
MORKANAUT: None
MOZROG SKRAGBAD: None
NOB ON SMASHA SQUIG: None
NOB WITH WAAAGH! BANNER: None
NOBZ: Any number of models can each have their big choppa replaced with 1 power klaw. | Any number of models can each have their slugga and big choppa replaced with 1 kombi-weapon and 1 close combat weapon. | For every 5 models in this unit, this unit can be equipped with 1 ammo runt.
PAINBOSS: This model can be equipped with 1 grot orderly.
PAINBOY: This model can be equipped with 1 grot orderly.
RUKKATRUKK SQUIGBUGGY: None
SHOKKJUMP DRAGSTA: None
SQUIGHOG BOYZ: For every 3 models in this unit, this unit can be equipped with 1 bomb squig.
STOMPA: None
STORMBOYZ: The Boss Nob’s choppa can be replaced with 1 power klaw.
TANKBUSTAS: None
TRUKK: This model can be equipped with 1 wreckin’ ball.
WARBIKERS: Each Warbiker can be equipped with one of the following: 1 slugga ; 1 choppa | The Boss Nob on Warbike can be equipped with one of the following: 1 slugga ; 1 big choppa ; 1 power klaw
WARBOSS: This model’s big choppa can be replaced with 1 power klaw. | This model can be equipped with 1 attack squig.
WARBOSS IN MEGA ARMOUR: None
WAZBOM BLASTAJET: This model’s twin wazbom mega-kannon can be replaced with 1 twin tellyport mega-blasta. | This model can be equipped with 1 blastajet force field. | This model can be equipped with 1 twin supa-shoota.
WEIRDBOY: None
WURRBOY: None
ZODGROD WORTSNAGGA: None
MEKBOY WORKSHOP: None

[Adeptus Custodes]
CUSTODIAN GUARD: Any number of models can each have their guardian spear replaced with 1 sentinel blade and 1 praesidium shield. | 1 model’s guardian spear can be replaced with one of the following: 1 vexilla and 1 misericordia ; 1 vexilla, 1 misericordia and 1 praesidium shield
CUSTODIAN WARDENS: Any number of models can each have their guardian spear replaced with 1 castellan axe. | 1 model can be equipped with 1 vexilla.
ALLARUS CUSTODIANS: Any number of models can each have their guardian spear replaced with 1 castellan axe. | 1 model’s guardian spear can be replaced with 1 vexilla and 1 misericordia.
VERTUS PRAETORS: Any number of models can each have their salvo launcher replaced with 1 Vertus hurricane bolter.
PROSECUTORS: None
VIGILATORS: None
WITCHSEEKERS: None
SHIELD-CAPTAIN: This model’s guardian spear can be replaced with one of the following: 1 castellan axe ; 1 sentinel blade ; 1 sentinel blade and 1 praesidium shield
BLADE CHAMPION: None
ALEYA: None
ANATHEMA PSYKANA RHINO: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
KNIGHT-CENTURA: This model’s executioner greatblade can be replaced with one of the following: 1 master-crafted boltgun ; 1 Witchseeker flamer
SHIELD-CAPTAIN IN ALLARUS TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s guardian spear can be replaced with 1 castellan axe.
SHIELD-CAPTAIN ON DAWNEAGLE JETBIKE: This model’s salvo launcher can be replaced with 1 Vertus hurricane bolter.
TRAJANN VALORIS: None
VALERIAN: None
VENERABLE CONTEMPTOR DREADNOUGHT: This model’s multi-melta can be replaced with 1 Kheres-pattern assault cannon.
VENERABLE LAND RAIDER: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.

[Adeptus Mechanicus]
ARCHAEOPTER FUSILAVE: This model’s command uplink can be replaced with 1 chaff launcher.
ARCHAEOPTER STRATORAPTOR: This model’s command uplink can be replaced with 1 chaff launcher.
ARCHAEOPTER TRANSVECTOR: This model’s command uplink can be replaced with 1 chaff launcher.
BELISARIUS CAWL: None
CORPUSCARII ELECTRO-PRIESTS: None
KASTELAN ROBOTS: Any number of models can each have their twin Kastelan fist replaced with one of the following: 1 Kastelan phosphor blaster and 1 Kastelan fist ; 1 twin Kastelan phosphor blaster and 1 close combat weapon | Any number of models can each have their incendine combustor replaced with 1 heavy phosphor blaster.
FULGURITE ELECTRO-PRIESTS: None
IRONSTRIDER BALLISTARII: Any number of models can each have their twin cognis autocannon replaced with 1 twin cognis lascannon.
KATAPHRON BREACHERS: Any number of models can each have their heavy arc rifle replaced with 1 torsion cannon. | Any number of models can each have their arc claw replaced with 1 hydraulic claw.
KATAPHRON DESTROYERS: Any number of models can each have their heavy grav-cannon replaced with 1 Kataphron plasma culverin. | Any number of models can each have their phosphor blaster replaced with 1 cognis flamer.
ONAGER DUNECRAWLER: This model’s eradication beamer can be replaced with one of the following: 1 daedalus missile launcher and 1 Icarus array ; 1 neutron laser and 1 cognis heavy stubber ; 1 twin Onager heavy phosphor blaster | This model can be equipped with 1 additional cognis heavy stubber. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 1 broad spectrum data-tether ; 1 smoke launchers
PTERAXII SKYSTALKERS: None
PTERAXII STERYLIZORS: None
SERBERYS RAIDERS: 1 Serberys Raider can be equipped with 1 enhanced data-tether.
SERBERYS SULPHURHOUNDS: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 Serberys Sulphurhound’s twin phosphor pistols can be replaced with 1 phosphor blast carbine and 1 phosphor pistol.
SERVITORS: Up to 2 models can each have their Servitor’s servo-arm replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter and 1 Servitor’s tools ; 1 multi-melta and 1 Servitor’s tools ; 1 plasma cannon and 1 Servitor’s tools
SICARIAN INFILTRATORS: Any number of models can each have their stubcarbine and power weapon replaced with 1 flechette blaster and 1 taser goad.
SICARIAN RUSTSTALKERS: Any number of Sicarian Ruststalkers can each have their transonic razor and chordclaw replaced with 1 transonic blades. | The Sicarian Ruststalker Princeps’ transonic razor and chordclaw can be replaced with 1 transonic blades and chordclaw.
SKITARII MARSHAL: None
SKITARII RANGERS: The Skitarii Ranger Alpha can be equipped with 1 Alpha combat weapon. | The Skitarii Ranger Alpha’s galvanic rifle can be replaced with 1 archeotech pistol. | 1 Skitarii Ranger’s galvanic rifle can be replaced with 1 arc rifle. | 1 Skitarii Ranger’s galvanic rifle can be replaced with 1 plasma caliver. | 1 Skitarii Ranger’s galvanic rifle can be replaced with 1 transuranic arquebus. | 1 Skitarii Ranger equipped with a galvanic rifle can be equipped with one of the following: 1 enhanced data-tether* ; 1 omnispex* * That model’s galvanic rifle cannot be replaced.
SKITARII VANGUARD: The Skitarii Vanguard Alpha can be equipped with 1 Alpha combat weapon. | The Skitarii Vanguard Alpha’s radium carbine can be replaced with 1 archeotech pistol. | 1 Skitarii Vanguard’s radium carbine can be replaced with 1 arc rifle. | 1 Skitarii Vanguard’s radium carbine can be replaced with 1 plasma caliver. | 1 Skitarii Vanguard’s radium carbine can be replaced with 1 transuranic arquebus. | 1 Skitarii Vanguard equipped with a radium carbine can be equipped with one of the following: 1 enhanced data-tether* ; 1 omnispex* * That model’s radium carbine cannot be replaced.
SKORPIUS DISINTEGRATOR: This model’s belleros energy cannon can be replaced with 1 ferrumite cannon.
SKORPIUS DUNERIDER: None
SYDONIAN DRAGOONS: Any number of models can each have their taser lance replaced with 1 radium jezzail and 1 Ironstrider feet. | Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 phosphor serpenta.
TECH-PRIEST DOMINUS: This model’s macrostubber can be replaced with 1 phosphor serpenta. | This model’s volkite blaster can be replaced with 1 eradication ray.
TECH-PRIEST ENGINSEER: None
TECH-PRIEST MANIPULUS: This model’s magnarail lance can be replaced with 1 transonic cannon.
TECHNOARCHEOLOGIST: None

[Adepta Sororitas]
MORVENN VAHL: None
CANONESS: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 condemnor boltgun ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | This model’s chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 blessed blade ; 1 power weapon | If this model is equipped with a chainsword, it can be equipped with one of the following: 1 brazier of holy fire ; 1 null rod | If this model is equipped with a plasma pistol and a power weapon, it can be equipped with: 1 rod of office
PALATINE: This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol.
JUNITH ERUITA: None
MISSIONARY: This model’s power weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 autogun and 1 chainsword ; 1 Ministorum shotgun and 1 chainsword
SAINT CELESTINE: None KEYWORDS – ALL MODELS: Infantry, Jump Pack, Fly, Grenades, Imperium – SAINT CELESTINE: Character, Epic Hero, Saint Celestine
TRIUMPH OF SAINT KATHERINE: None
DAEMONIFUGE: None
BATTLE SISTERS SQUAD: 1 Battle Sister’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 artificer-crafted storm bolter ; 1 heavy bolter ; 1 meltagun ; 1 Ministorum flamer ; 1 Ministorum heavy flamer ; 1 multi-melta | The Sister Superior’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 condemnor boltgun* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 Ministorum hand flamer* ; 1 plasma pistol* | 1 Battle Sister equipped with 1 boltgun can be equipped with 1 simulacrum imperialis (that model’s boltgun cannot be replaced). | The Sister Superior can be equipped with one of the following: 1 chainsword ; 1 power weapon * This weapon’s profile can be found on the Adepta Sororitas Armoury card. | 1 Battle Sister’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 artificer-crafted storm bolter ; 1 meltagun ; 1 Ministorum flamer
SISTERS NOVITIATE SQUAD: The Novitiate Superior’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol and 1 power weapon ; 1 plasma pistol and 1 power weapon | 1 Sister Novitiate’s autogun can be replaced with 1 sacred banner. | 1 Sister Novitiate’s autogun can be replaced with 1 simulacrum imperialis. | Up to 2 Sisters Novitiate can each have their autogun replaced with 1 Ministorum flamer. | Any number of Sisters Novitiate can each have their autogun and close combat weapon replaced with 1 Novitiate melee weapons.
AESTRED THURGA AND AGATHAE DOLAN: None
IMAGIFIER: None
DIALOGUS: None
PREACHER: This model’s zealot’s vindictor can be replaced with 1 autopistol and 1 chainsword.
CELESTIAN SACRESANTS: The Sacresant Superior’s hallowed mace can be replaced with 1 spear of the faithful. | The Sacresant Superior’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 inferno pistol ; 1 Ministorum hand flamer ; 1 plasma pistol | Any number of models can each have their hallowed mace replaced with 1 anointed halberd.
HOSPITALLER: None
DOGMATA: None
PARAGON WARSUITS: Any number of models can each have their Paragon storm bolters replaced with 1 Paragon grenade launchers. | Any number of models can each have their heavy bolter replaced with one of the following: 1 Ministorum heavy flamer ; 1 multi-melta | Any number of models can each have their Paragon war blade replaced with 1 Paragon war mace.
REPENTIA SQUAD: None
CRUSADERS: None
DEATH CULT ASSASSINS: None
DOMINION SQUAD: Up to 4 Dominions can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 artificer-crafted storm bolter ; 1 meltagun ; 1 Ministorum flamer | The Dominion Superior’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 condemnor boltgun* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 Ministorum hand flamer* ; 1 plasma pistol* | 1 Dominion equipped with 1 boltgun can be equipped with 1 simulacrum imperialis (that model’s boltgun cannot be replaced). * This weapon’s profile can be found on the Adepta Sororitas Armoury card. | The Dominion Superior can be equipped with one of the following: 1 chainsword ; 1 power weapon
SERAPHIM SQUAD: The Seraphim Superior’s 2 bolt pistols can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol and 1 chainsword ; 1 bolt pistol and 1 plasma pistol ; 1 bolt pistol and 1 power weapon ; 1 plasma pistol and 1 chainsword ; 1 plasma pistol and 1 power weapon | For every 5 models in the unit, up to 2 Seraphim can each have their 2 bolt pistols replaced with one of the following: 2 inferno pistols ; 2 Ministorum hand flamers
ZEPHYRIM SQUAD: The Zephyrim Superior can be equipped with 1 sacred banner. | The Zephyrim Superior’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol.
RETRIBUTOR SQUAD: Each Retributor’s heavy bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Ministorum heavy flamer ; 1 multi-melta | The Retributor Superior’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 condemnor boltgun* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 Ministorum hand flamer* ; 1 plasma pistol* * This weapon’s profile can be found on the Adepta Sororitas Armoury card. | The Retributor Superior can be equipped with one of the following: 1 chainsword ; 1 power weapon
MORTIFIERS: 1 model can be equipped with 1 anchorite sarcophagus. | Any number of models can each have their 2 heavy bolters replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy bolter and 1 Mortifier flamer ; 2 Mortifier flamers | Any number of models can each have their twin penitent buzz-blades replaced with one of the following: 1 twin penitent flails ; 1 penitent buzz-blade and 1 penitent flail
PENITENT ENGINES: Any number of models can each have their twin penitent buzz-blades replaced with one of the following: 1 penitent buzz-blade and 1 penitent flail ; 1 twin penitent flails
EXORCIST: This model’s Exorcist missile launcher can be replaced with 1 Exorcist conflagration rockets. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
CASTIGATOR: This model’s Castigator autocannons can be replaced with 1 Castigator battle cannon. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter.
SORORITAS RHINO: This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
IMMOLATOR: This model’s immolation flamers can be replaced with one of the following: 1 twin heavy bolter ; 1 twin multi-melta | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile.
ARCO-FLAGELLANTS: None

[Blood Angels]
ASTORATH: None
BAAL PREDATOR: This model’s twin assault cannon can be replaced with 1 Baal flamestorm cannon. | This model can be equipped with 1 hunter-killer missile. | This model can be equipped with 1 storm bolter. | This model can be equipped with one of the following: 2 heavy bolters ; 2 heavy flamers
BROTHER CORBULO: None
CAPTAIN TYCHO: None
CHIEF LIBRARIAN MEPHISTON: None
COMMANDER DANTE: None
DEATH COMPANY DREADNOUGHT: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model’s meltagun can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model’s Furioso fists can be replaced with 1 blood talons. | This model can be equipped with 1 magna-grapple.
DEATH COMPANY INTERCESSORS: All models in this unit can each have their bolt pistol and bolt rifle replaced with 1 heavy bolt pistol and 1 Astartes chainsword. | 1 model’s heavy bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer ; 1 plasma pistol | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 model equipped with a bolt rifle can be equipped with 1 Astartes grenade launcher. | 1 model can replace its bolt rifle or Astartes chainsword with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer
DEATH COMPANY MARINES: Any number of models can each have their boltgun and close combat weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword and 1 bolt pistol ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | Any number of models can each have their Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon
DEATH COMPANY MARINES WITH JUMP PACKS: Any number of models can each have their boltgun and close combat weapon replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword and 1 bolt pistol ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 hand flamer ; 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | Any number of models can each have their Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon
FURIOSO DREADNOUGHT: This model’s heavy frag cannon and Furioso fist can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Blood Talons and 1 meltagun ; 1 twin Furioso fist and 1 meltagun | This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model’s meltagun can be replaced with 1 heavy flamer. | This model can be equipped with 1 magna-grapple.
GABRIEL SETH: None
LEMARTES: None
LIBRARIAN DREADNOUGHT: This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 heavy flamer ; 1 meltagun
SANGUINARY GUARD: Any number of models can each have their angelus boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 inferno pistol ; 1 plasma pistol | For every 5 models in this unit, one model’s encarmine blade can be replaced with 1 power fist. | 1 model can be equipped with 1 sanguinary banner.
SANGUINARY PRIEST: None
THE SANGUINOR: None
TYCHO THE LOST: None
SANGUINARY PRIEST WITH JUMP PACK: None

[Dark Angels]
AZRAEL: None
BELIAL: None
SAMMAEL: None
EZEKIEL: None
ASMODAI: None
RAVENWING TALONMASTER: None
LAZARUS: None
DEATHWING STRIKEMASTER: This model’s storm bolter and master-crafted power weapon can be replaced with either 1 twin lightning claws, or two different weapons from the following list: 1 storm bolter ; 1 chainfist ; 1 mace of absolution ; 1 power fist ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield
DEATHWING COMMAND SQUAD: Any number of Deathwing Command Terminators can each have their storm bolter and power fist replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lightning claws ; 1 thunder hammer and 1 storm shield | Any number of Deathwing Command Terminators can each have their power fist replaced with 1 chainfist. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Deathwing Command Terminator can replace its storm bolter with one of the following: 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 plasma cannon ; 1 storm bolter and 1 cyclone missile launcher (this model’s storm bolter cannot be replaced) | This unit can be equipped with 1 Watcher in the Dark.* * The rules for a Watcher in the Dark can be found on the Deathwing Knights datasheet.
DEATHWING TERMINATOR SQUAD: Any number of Deathwing Terminators can each have their storm bolter and power fist replaced with one of the following: 1 twin lightning claws ; 1 thunder hammer and 1 storm shield | Any number of Deathwing Terminators can each have their power fist replaced with 1 chainfist. | For every 5 models in this unit, 1 Deathwing Terminator can replace its storm bolter with one of the following: 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 plasma cannon ; 1 storm bolter and 1 cyclone missile launcher (this model’s storm bolter cannot be replaced) | This unit can be equipped with 1 Watcher in the Dark.* * The rules for a Watcher in the Dark can be found on the Deathwing Knights datasheet.
DEATHWING KNIGHTS: This unit can be equipped with 1 Watcher in the Dark.
RAVENWING COMMAND SQUAD: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model’s plasma talon can be replaced with 1 Astartes grenade launcher.
RAVENWING BLACK KNIGHTS: For every 3 models in this unit, 1 model can replace its plasma talon with 1 Astartes grenade launcher.
RAVENWING DARKSHROUD: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 assault cannon.
RAVENWING LAND SPEEDER VENGEANCE: This model’s heavy bolter can be replaced with 1 assault cannon.
RAVENWING DARK TALON: None
NEPHILIM JETFIGHTER: This model’s avenger mega bolter can be replaced with 1 Nephilim lascannons.
LION EL’JONSON: None

[Space Wolves]
LOGAN GRIMNAR: None
LOGAN GRIMNAR ON STORMRIDER: None
NJAL STORMCALLER: None
BJORN THE FELL-HANDED: This model’s assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: heavy plasma cannon ; helfrost cannon ; multi-melta ; twin lascannon
ARJAC ROCKFIST: None
ULRIK THE SLAYER: None
RAGNAR BLACKMANE: None
KROM DRAGONGAZE: None
HARALD DEATHWOLF: None
CANIS WOLFBORN: None
WOLF GUARD BATTLE LEADER IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s power weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic shield and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 chainfist ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 combi-weapon | This model’s storm bolter and power weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws.
WOLF LORD ON THUNDERWOLF: This model’s relic weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 power fist ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 relic shield and 1 close combat weapon | This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 master-crafted boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s bolt pistol and relic weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws.
WOLF GUARD BATTLE LEADER ON THUNDERWOLF: This model’s relic weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol ; 1 power fist ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield and 1 close combat weapon | This model’s bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 combi-weapon ; 1 master-crafted boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 power fist ; 1 relic weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | This model’s bolt pistol and relic weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws.
BLOOD CLAWS: The Blood Claw Pack Leader’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | The Blood Claw Pack Leader’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon | Up to 2 Blood Claws can each have their Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 grav-gun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 meltagun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 plasma gun and 1 close combat weapon
GREY HUNTERS: Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 Astartes chainsword. | The Grey Hunter Pack Leader’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon | Up to 2 Grey Hunters can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun
WOLF GUARD: Any number of models can have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 storm shield
LUKAS THE TRICKSTER: None
WOLF GUARD TERMINATORS: Any number of models can each have their power fist and storm bolter or power weapon and storm bolter replaced with two of the following: 1 storm bolter* ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 chainfist ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield | For every 5 models in this unit, one Wolf Guard Terminator can replace its power fist and storm bolter with one of the following: 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 storm bolter and 1 cyclone missile launcher | Any number of models can each have their power fist and storm bolter or power weapon and storm bolter replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * Each model cannot have duplicates of these pieces of wargear and cannot have both a storm bolter and a combi-weapon.
HOUNDS OF MORKAI: None
WULFEN: Any number of models can each be equipped with 1 stormfrag auto-launcher. | Any number of models can each have their Wulfen claws and melee weapons replaced with 1 Wulfen hammer and 1 storm shield.
WULFEN DREADNOUGHT: This model’s Fenrisian great axe or great wolf claw and storm bolter can be replaced with 1 blizzard shield and 1 storm bolter. | Any number of this model’s storm bolters can each be replaced with 1 heavy flamer.
MURDERFANG: None
THUNDERWOLF CAVALRY: Any number of models can each have their bolt pistol replaced with one of the following: 1 boltgun ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm shield
FENRISIAN WOLVES: None
SKYCLAWS: The Skyclaw Pack Leader’s bolt pistol can be replaced with 1 plasma pistol. | The Skyclaw Pack Leader’s Astartes chainsword can be replaced with one of the following: 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon | Up to 2 Skyclaws can each have their bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword replaced with one of the following: 1 plasma pistol and 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 flamer and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 grav-gun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 meltagun and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 plasma gun and 1 close combat weapon
LONG FANGS: The Long Fang Pack Leader’s boltgun can be replace with one of the following:* ; 1 flamer ; 1 grav-gun ; 1 meltagun ; 1 plasma gun ; 1 plasma pistol | Any number of Long Fangs can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 grav-cannon ; 1 heavy bolter ; 1 heavy flamer* ; 1 lascannon ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 plasma cannon * The profiles for these weapons can be found on the Space Wolves Armoury card. | The Long Fang Pack Leader’s close combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon
STORMFANG GUNSHIP: This model’s 2 skyhammer missile launchers can be replaced with one of the following: 2 twin multi-meltas ; 2 twin heavy bolters | This model’s twin stormstrike missile launcher can be replaced with 1 twin lascannon.
STORMWOLF: This model’s 2 skyhammer missile launchers can replaced with one of the following: 2 twin heavy bolters ; 2 twin multi-meltas
WOLF GUARD PACK LEADER: This model’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with two different weapons from the following list:* ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield | This model’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol).
WOLF GUARD PACK LEADER WITH JUMP PACK: This model’s bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with two different weapons from the following list:* ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 combi-weapon ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield | This model’s bolt pistol and Astartes chainsword can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. * This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol).
WOLF GUARD PACK LEADER IN TERMINATOR ARMOUR: This model’s storm bolter and power weapon can be replaced with two different options from the following list:* ; 1 assault cannon ; 1 heavy flamer ; 1 cyclone missile launcher and 1 storm bolter ; 1 storm bolter ; 1 chainfist ; 1 power fist ; 1 thunder hammer ; 1 storm shield | This model’s storm bolter and power weapon can be replaced with 1 twin lightning claws. | This model’s storm bolter can be replaced with 1 combi-weapon. * This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a cyclone missile launcher and the other is either a storm bolter or a combi-weapon.
IRON PRIEST: None
CYBERWOLF: None
WOLF SCOUTS: The Wolf Scout Pack Leader’s bolt pistol and boltgun can be replaced with with 1 twin lightning claws, or two different weapons from the following list:** ; 1 bolt pistol ; 1 boltgun ; 1 combi-weapon* ; 1 grav-pistol* ; 1 hand flamer* ; 1 inferno pistol* ; 1 plasma pistol ; 1 storm bolter* ; 1 Astartes chainsword ; 1 power fist ; 1 power weapon ; 1 thunder hammer | Any number of models can each have their boltgun replaced with one of the following: 1 Astartes shotgun ; 1 combat knife | 1 Wolf Scout’s boltgun can be replaced with one of the following: 1 flamer* ; 1 grav-gun* ; 1 heavy bolter ; 1 meltagun* ; 1 missile launcher ; 1 plasma gun* | 1 Wolf Scout’s boltgun and bolt pistol can be replaced with one of the following: 1 bolt pistol and 1 power weapon ; 1 plasma pistol and 1 boltgun * The profiles for these weapons can be found on the Space Wolves Armoury card. ** This model can only be equipped with two ranged weapons if one of them is a Pistol (and it can only have one Pistol).
SPACE WOLVES VENERABLE DREADNOUGHT: This model’s assault cannon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 helfrost cannon ; 1 multi-melta ; 1 plasma cannon ; 1 twin lascannon | This model’s Dreadnought combat weapon and storm bolter can be replaced with one of the following: 1 missile launcher and 1 close combat weapon ; 1 Dreadnought combat weapon and 1 heavy flamer | This model’s assault cannon, storm bolter and Dreadnought combat weapon can be replaced with one of the following: 1 Fenrisian great axe, 1 blizzard shield and 1 storm bolter ; 1 Fenrisian great axe, 1 blizzard shield and 1 heavy flamer
